Today I’m making the Internet more inclusive.
The Internet should reflect all of the people who use it.
The Internet should put the power in the hands of the many.
Net neutrality preserves the weird and wonderfulness of the Internet.
It’s time to save the Internet again.
Net neutrality is fundamental to free speech.
A healthy Internet is an even playing field where all can participate.
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
It’s important to me to keep the Internet healthy.
It’s important that everyone, especially little guys, can participate in the future of the Internet.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
I wandered lonely as a cloud.
Not everything that is faced can be changed; but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
In the ensuing panic, police opened fire on the crowd and each other.
Egoist anarchists argue that egoism will foster genuine and spontaneous union between individuals.
Thus both economically and politically the Paris Commune was heavily influenced by anarchist ideas.
Some alternative treatments may place the child at risk.
As new genetic tests are developed several ethical, legal, and social issues will emerge.
Several lines of evidence point to synaptic dysfunction as a cause of autism.
The glint of light off water is a commonplace effect of this.
This feedback loop results in a reduced albedo effect.
These variants, the "Italic" and "Roman" forms, were derived from the Caroline Script version.
Variants also existed that were intermediate between the monumental and cursive styles.
During Roman times, there were many variant forms of the letter "A".
However, most of the Democratic sheriffs preside over rural and less populated counties.
A majority of people in the state identify as Evangelical Protestant.
There has been a significant movement to rewrite and modernize Alabama's constitution.
His mother Thetis comes to comfort the distraught Achilles.
Odysseus eventually gave the armour to Neoptolemus, the son of Achilles.
The kings of Epirus claimed to be descended from Achilles through his son, Neoptolemus.
He noted that Lincoln used ethnic slurs and told jokes that ridiculed blacks.
She never replied and the courtship ended.
The emancipation of slaves was now part of the national war effort.
Though interest in Aristotle's ideas survived, they were generally taken unquestioningly.
Water tends toward a sphere surrounding the center.
Gershwin composed "An American in Paris" on commission from the conductor Walter Damrosch.
Yet after playing for her, she told him she could not teach him.
Conductor Walter Damrosch had cut them shortly before the first performance.
It is awarded to the best interior design in a film.
Until then, foreign-language films had been honored with the Special Achievement Award.
For the first six ceremonies, the eligibility period spanned two calendar years.
The Board of Governors meets each year and considers new award categories.
The film has no male actors, with all roles played by females.
Over three million copies have been sold.
It also airs on Minimax for the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Specifically, both Julian Dates and the Gregorian calendar are used.
The clocks at different institutions are regularly compared against each other.
During this time, irregularities in the atomic time were detected and corrected.
The monks have to observe them very strictly.
It cannot independently bestow reward or punishment.
Altruism figures prominently in Buddhism.
During Rand's lifetime her work received little attention from academic scholars.
She described her own approach to literature as "romantic realism".
Rand's work continues to be among the top sellers among books in India.
Alain Connes studies operator algebras.
He was a member of Bourbaki.
Flying A was one of the first motion pictures studios in California history.
The new leader received the title of dey.
Sonatrach, the national oil company, is the largest company in Africa.
Albert Camus was an Algerian-born French Pied-Noir author.
Dagny Taggart is the protagonist of the novel.
This prototype was found by Dagny Taggart and Hank Rearden.
Anthropology has diversified from a few major subdivisions to dozens more.
Economic, environmental, and social aspects of agriculture sciences are subjects of ongoing debate.
For example, lead was externally cold and dry, while gold was hot and moist.
By purifying the two parts of man's soul, man could be reunited with God.
The number of professional astronomers in the United States is actually quite small.
Observational astronomers make direct observations of planets, stars and galaxies, and analyze the data.
Taking courses that teach how to research, write and present papers are also invaluable.
In some printers, the high bit was used to enable Italics printing.
Unix and Unix-like systems, and Amiga systems, adopted this convention from Multics.
Over time this meaning has been co-opted and has eventually been changed.
With its popularity, a large amount of criticism has arisen, especially animated feature-length films.
Television significantly decreased public attention to the animated shorts being shown in theaters.
Criticism of animation has been common in media and cinema since its inception.
Hera sent the serpent to hunt Leto to her death across the world.
Some of the earliest temples, especially in Crete, don't belong to any Greek order.
They launched a furniture line called Agassi Graf Collection.
Courier emerged the victor in a five-set final.
In the series season finale, he beat Michael Chang for the Acura Champions Cup.
However, no evidence for this classification has ever been published.
Little work has been done on the Munda languages, which are not well documented.
The phylum has six branches: Berber, Chadic, Cushitic, Egyptian, Omotic and Semitic.
These classifications relied in part on non-linguistic anthropological and racial arguments.
This gives us a minimum date for the age of Afroasiatic.
Responsibility for defending the nation rests primarily with France and Spain.
The Parliament of Andorra is known as the General Council.
The General Council is also responsible for proposing and passing laws.
For example, per capita income is the arithmetic average income of a nation's population.
Particular care must be taken when using cyclic data, such as phases or angles.
There are applications of this phenomenon in many fields.
This assignment shifts each year and will follow a standard cycle.
This arrangement lasted for one season only before the two teams switched conferences.
The team would change its name again, two years later, to the Tennessee Titans.
Other publishers were still declining to publish it.
Through a young pig named Squealer, Napoleon claims credit for the windmill idea.
Some time later, several men attack Animal Farm.
The secretion is often sticky and distasteful or toxic.
The eel-like larvae hatch out of the eggs and make their way to water.
The majority of salamanders also engage in internal fertilisation.
The Supreme Court hears civil appeals and may in its discretion hear criminal appeals.
There are more than a dozen colleges and universities in Alaska.
The Aleutian Islands chain extends west from the southern tip of the Alaska Peninsula.
Some farmers use irrigation to supplement rainfall.
Pest control includes the management of weeds, insects, mites, and diseases.
These shipments are made using fossil fuel burning modes of transportation.
His brother Julian Huxley and half-brother Andrew Huxley also became outstanding biologists.
Words, even the pregnant words of poets, do not evoke pictures in my mind.
Maerl is commonly used as a soil conditioner.
Some retain plastids, but not chloroplasts, while others have lost plastids entirely.
Meiosis has been shown to occur in many different species of algae.
However, there is a concern about identifiability.
The analysis of variance provides the formal tools to justify these intuitive judgments.
Simple comparisons compare one group mean with one other group mean.
Together, alkanes are known as the "paraffin series".
Trivial names for compounds are usually historical artifacts.
The molecular structure of the alkanes directly affects their physical and chemical characteristics.
Remand is not required where there is nothing left to do in the case.
In other words, after looking at the case, they chose not to say anything.
Another issue suitable for appeal in criminal cases is effective assistance of counsel.
Criminal cases may lead to fines or other punishment, such as imprisonment.
In some jurisdictions, courts able to hear appeals are known as an appellate division.
The phrase "court of appeals" most often refers to intermediate appellate courts.
In some areas the appellate court has limited powers of review.
The court is not required to accept a guilty plea.
The judge will testify during the indictment process.
The wording of the arraignment varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Others prefer "The Star-Spangled Banner" for the same reason.
It quickly caught the public's fancy.
Keep this in mind as nomenclature is often interchanged.
Similar to desktop video magnifiers, this technology assists people with low vision.
Assistive technology in sport is an area of technology design that is growing.
Its complete meaning was taken as: counting with small similar elements by somebody.
To Poncelet's French contemporaries, it was something new.
The groove marked I indicates units, X tens, and so on up to millions.
They can also quantitatively stabilize carbocations.
Stronger acids have a larger "K" and a more negative p"K" than weaker acids.
Further processing is possible by "blowing" the product: namely reacting it with oxygen.
Selenizza is mainly used as an additive in the road construction sector.
Parking lots that use asphalt alternatives are called green parking lots.
Armalcolite was named after Armstrong, Aldrin, and Collins.
President Richard Nixon was aboard "Hornet" to personally welcome the astronauts back to Earth.
The raft containing decontamination materials was then intentionally sunk.
They remained unopened, even years after the flight.
By this time, the crew had completely abandoned the planned sleep shifts.
These temperatures could cause the heat shield to crack and propellant lines to burst.
Inspired partly by these missions, other synonyms for astronaut have entered occasional English usage.
The word itself had been known earlier.
The pamphlet targets reformers who "regard people as commodities".
The essay has been emulated many times.
Furthermore, "in the mercantilist view no child was too young to go into industry".
Finally, they may be used to synthesise other organometallic compounds through metal-halogen exchange.
All the alkali metals react vigorously with oxygen at standard conditions.
Other solid deposits include halite, amphibole, cryolite, nitratine, and zeolite.
In Korea, the Hangul alphabet was created by Sejong the Great.
By the tenth century, two other forms can be distinguished, namely Canaanite and Aramaic.
The Greek word was made from the first two letters, "alpha" and "beta".
The atomic number uniquely identifies a chemical element.
A simple numbering based on periodic table position was never entirely satisfactory, however.
Some protozoans can form multicellular colonies.
Neurons can be connected together in ganglia.
Academic anatomists are usually employed by universities, medical schools or teaching hospitals.
Any number of other ways exist to be rich.
The colonel has found such a letter, but with the Chaplain's name signed.
He also wrote "Sculpting in Time", a book on film theory.
Few prints were made and the film-makers received no returns.
Tarkovsky is mainly known as a film director.
The reader is supposed to guess from the context.
However, for various reasons, several lexical, syntactic and semantic ambiguities remain.
Languages composed from many diverse sources contain much ambiguity and inconsistency.
Whereas the aardvark is considered digitigrade, it appears at time to be plantigrade.
Due to their stringent diet requirements, they require a large range to survive.
Aardvarks handle captivity well.
It is missing the throat spot that others in the family have.
The front feet have five toes each, unlike the four-toed hyena.
Aardwolves also have scent glands on the forefoot and penile pad.
The container is shaken vigorously for one minute.
The soil composition typically contains sand, silt and clay.
Adobe bricks are laid by course.
It may also be a bold, usually risky undertaking, with an uncertain outcome.
From ancient times, travelers and explorers have written about their adventures.
Documentaries often use the theme of adventure as well.
A number of theories have been published.
However, it is mostly concentrated in South Asia.
The size of the agriculture and manufacturing sectors also remains minimal.
The flora of Aruba differs from the typical tropical island vegetation.
Today, the influence of the oil processing business is minimal.
New Jersey, Delaware and Maryland could not, since their states had not ratified.
Yet Congress had no power to enforce attendance.
The Senate then adjourned to the first Monday in August next.
Stocks of northern shrimp and Norwegian lobster are in good condition.
This period also saw the first stages of the uplift of the Atlas Mountains.
In general, winds transport moisture and air over land areas.
Will, for Schopenhauer, is what Kant called the "thing-in-itself".
References to Eastern philosophy and religion appear frequently in his writing.
Scholars have started to revise earlier views about Schopenhauer's discovery of Buddhism.
The Angolan government has contracted the restoration of many of the country's roads.
For decades, political power has been concentrated in the presidency.
Homosexual acts are currently illegal in Angola.
The largest religious denomination is Catholicism, to which adheres about half the population.
The risk of contracting disease is very high.
The Population Department of the United Nations prepared the following estimates.
Executive power is exercised by the government.
The elections however have been described as only partly free but certainly not fair.
The ongoing grave economic situation largely prevents any government support for social institutions.
Not all public construction projects are functional.
Some efforts to recover have gone forward, however, notably in fisheries.
Nevertheless, a legacy of fiscal mismanagement and corruption persists.
The Benguela Railway already connects to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Angola plans to build an oil refinery in Lobito in the coming years.
There are airstrips for domestic transport at Benguela, Cabinda, Huambo, Namibe, and Catumbela.
A separate tank brigade and special forces brigade were also reported.
It includes a Marines Brigade and a Marines School, based in Ambriz.
However, elements of the commandos, special operations and marines are parachute qualified.
Angola has an embassy in Moscow and an honorary consulate in Saint Petersburg.
Japan maintains an embassy at Luanda and Angola has an embassy in Tokyo.
Angolan-Nigerian relations are primarily based on their roles as oil exporting nations.
He served on the Texas frontier at Fort Mason and elsewhere in the West.
After his appointment, Johnston immediately headed for his new territory.
The enlistments of his volunteers ran out just before the Battle of Monterrey.
It was capable of playing the organ.
The robot features an elastic mask made from the average head dummy.
Androids are a staple of science fiction.
The Government of Alberta is organized as a parliamentary democracy with a unicameral legislature.
Lake Louise and Mount Alberta were also named in her honour.
Male territoriality "preadapts" a species for evolving male parental care.
There are a few examples of fish that self-fertilise.
However other patterns of ontogeny exist, with one of the commonest being sequential hermaphroditism.
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs.
The letters were included in the papers bequeathed to The Hebrew University.
Einstein was still undecided on his future.
Experts believe that this will revolutionize the economy of the region.
There are various proposals for the construction of additional rail lines in the country.
The leading causes of death are cardiovascular disease, trauma, cancer, and respiratory disease.
The higher inland mountains receive less precipitation than the intermediate uplands.
Albania normally competes in events that include swimming, athletics, weightlifting, shooting and wrestling.
The Qur'an's Allah is the same Creator God who covenanted with Abraham.
The term may have been vague in the Meccan religion.
Its current editor-in-chief is Henning Fernau.
Azerbaijani Major-General Azi Aslanov was twice awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union.
Novruz is a family holiday.
When performing mugham, the singers have to transform their emotions into singing and music.
Collectively, amateur astronomers observe a variety of celestial objects and phenomena.
Computerized systems provide the further advantage of computing coordinate precession.
Discussion group servers host numerous astronomy lists.
Influential theorists include Judith Butler, Luce Irigaray, Julia Kristeva, Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida.
Art as mimesis has deep roots in the philosophy of Aristotle.
Art is often intended to appeal to and connect with human emotion.
The last agnostids went extinct in the Late Ordovician.
Furthermore, the orientation of the thoracic appendages appears ill-suited for benthic living.
Scientists have long debated whether the agnostids lived a pelagic or a benthic lifestyle.
Over a third are unintended and about a fifth end in induced abortion.
Abortion is sometimes attempted by causing trauma to the abdomen.
Opinions of abortion may be about fetal rights, governmental authority, and women's rights.
It reveals no breaks in the chain of legal ownership.
After this is accomplished, no abstract of title is necessary.
Under United States patent law, the abstract may be called "Abstract of the Disclosure".
An informal attempt to negotiate peace was rejected by the Americans.
Irish Protestants favored the Americans, while Catholics favored the King.
Failure to do so meant possible imprisonment, exile, and, in some cases, death.
The ampere was then defined as one coulomb of charge per second.
This force is used in the formal definition of the ampere.
For this reason the examples given below are grouped by voltage level.
Another way of classifying algorithms is by their design methodology or paradigm.
The flowchart of "Elegant" can be found at the top of this article.
An example that uses Euclid's algorithm appears below.
This style of growing is often used in classrooms for education.
Tomato, sweet potato and bell pepper are tender perennials usually grown as annuals.
The seeds germinate in the autumn or winter when the soil temperature is cool.
Upon stopping contact with the causative substance, the lesions may persist for years.
They are also prescribed for aphthous ulcers, other oral ulcers, and other mouth pain.
Generally, there is no scientific consensus about this.
He colonized it with Greeks, and founded a city named Alexandropolis.
However, Alexander met with resistance at Gaza.
He lost another child when Roxana miscarried at Babylon.
The students were chewing vigorously.
Their marriage lasted until his death.
The ship eventually comes to a stop when not thrusting.
"Asteroids" contains several bugs.
The two saucers were formulated to be different from each other.
The Asparagales include many important crop plants and ornamental plants.
Within the monocots, Asparagales is the sister group of the commelinid clade.
Plants assigned to this order are mostly tropical or aquatic.
Vegetation may be totally submersed, have floating leaves, or protrude from the water.
They also include the only marine angiosperms.
Asterales are organisms that seem to have evolved from one common ancestor.
Asterales are common plants and have many known uses.
Various dynamical groups of asteroids have been discovered orbiting in the inner Solar System.
First, a region of the sky was photographed by a wide-field telescope, or astrograph.
Pairs of photographs were taken, typically one hour apart.
It is part of the criminal procedure in some jurisdictions using common law.
An allocution allows the defendant to explain why the sentence should be lenient.
In plea bargains, an allocution may be required of the defendant.
It is done with the help of court, with a stamp paper.
Materials used to refresh recollection are admissible as evidence.
Thus most affidavits now require to be apostilled if used for cross border issues.
Because it is so diffuse, it has a low surface brightness.
Its traditional name has conflicting derivations.
It contained the winter solstice in the Early Bronze Age.
There are also less-prominent systems in Aquarius.
Hair in anime is often unnaturally lively and colorful or uniquely styled.
Others, such as AnimEigo, achieved limited success.
Netflix declared the company's intention to produce anime.
The hill remains crowned by the ruins of the old citadel.
As with many ancient cities, Ankara has gone by several names over the ages.
This also affects the way that Modern Standard Arabic is pronounced in Egypt.
Only one of them, however, has crossed the line to murder.
His work often features fugitives on the run alongside "icy blonde" female characters.
Sources vary on Hitchcock's performance in school.
They are found in tropical South America.
Four species are currently recognized.
There are, however, several problems with this proposed list.
However, Radloff was the first to publish the inscriptions.
As a result, Standard German is replacing it in government and administrative texts.
Hence "S" breaks up into uncountably many orbits under "G".
So this attempt also fails.
See non-measurable set for more details.
Attila grew up in a rapidly changing world.
One scholar suggests a relationship to Yeniseian.
His people were nomads who had only recently arrived in Europe.
Many of the islands in the Aegean have safe harbours and bays.
Plato described the Greeks living round the Aegean "like frogs around a pond".
Burgess later stated that he wrote the book in three weeks.
They have their own theatre at Leidseplein.
Amsterdam is a prominent centre for national and international media.
In fact none were tested.
This completely new development sold extremely well.
To fly, air must flow over the wing and generate lift.
They are nowadays classified as "powered lift" types and not as rotorcraft.
With powered lift, the aircraft directs its engine thrust vertically downward.
The synthetic element nobelium was named after him.
He also developed sufficient literary skill to write poetry in English.
He invented modern plywood and started work on the torpedo.
They had rides in the Forlanini hydrofoil boat over Lake Maggiore.
She called the demonstration "most extraordinary".
Baldwin described it as being as smooth as flying.
The Russian male name Anatoly and the French Anatole share the same linguistic origin.
Kurds constitute a major community in southeastern Anatolia, and are the largest ethnic minority.
Their language was closely related to Hittite.
The suicides drew media attention, and employment practices at Foxconn were investigated by Apple.
Apple customers gained a reputation for devotion and loyalty early in the company's history.
Aberdeenshire played an important role in the fighting between the Scottish clans.
In the Iron Age, hill forts were built.
Indigenous drums, flutes, and rattles are commonplace in its musical compositions.
They also opened for Rage Against the Machine in Mexico City.
The band is set to begin writing a new record this year.
Public opinion, however, demanded an immediate attack by the army to capture Richmond.
All abolished slavery on their own, except Kentucky and Delaware.
While socially different, the sections economically benefited each other.
Critics were scandalized by Warhol's open embrace of market culture.
Warhol has been described as playing dumb to the media.
In addition, he was a highly prolific filmmaker.
Seeing this, the Western mercenaries rode off and took no part in the battle.
Before thee, did not other kings possess it for a while, then pass away?
Yussuf, in desperation, drew his dagger and rushed upon the sultan.
The institute is composed of leaders from the film, entertainment, business and academic communities.
The first class included filmmakers Terrence Malick, Caleb Deschanel and Paul Schrader.
Additional sponsors include American Airlines and Stella Artois.
It quickly became a massive hit in Japan.
"Ran"s costume designer, Emi Wada, won the movie's only Oscar.
The Karnak temple is the largest Egyptian temple ever built.
The Assyrians then sent a large army southwards.
After "Pimp to Eat", the Analog Brothers continued performing together in various line ups.
Abugidas developed along a slightly different route.
The basic consonantal symbol was considered to have an inherent "a" vowel sound.
The term pure abjad refers to scripts entirely lacking in vowel indicators.
For scripts of the Brahmic family, the term "akshara" is used for the units.
Thus it is not segmental and cannot be considered an abugida.
Frequent recording sessions brought the foursome closer together during the summer.
The duty of the Crown towards its subjects is to govern and protect.
Natural-born subjects owe allegiance wherever they may be.
Traditionally, English legal commentators used the term "allegiance" in two ways.
Locations included New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and Boston.
A vital feature of the Newton handwriting recognition system is the modeless error correction.
It was accompanied by interior illustrations created by Frank Kramer and Paul Orban.
It was rejected, but the rejection letter encouraged him to try again.
There she lost to eventual champion Martina Hingis.
She won that race for women's K-Swiss team.
Under Jakob's guidance the department grew rapidly.
He suffered from chronic osteomyelitis for the last seven years of his life.
The knowledge of God has always existed.
Being a scientist, above all else, Huxley presented agnosticism as a form of demarcation.
Argon's complete octet of electrons indicates full s and p subshells.
Argon is denser than air and displaces oxygen close to the ground during gassing.
The bulk of argon applications arise simply because it is inert and relatively cheap.
The literature indicates that arsenic exposure is causative in the pathogenesis of diabetes.
Many minor As-containing minerals are known.
In this way, arsenic is removed from the water and its mobility decreases.
Treatments containing antimony, known as antimonials, are used as emetics.
It is thought that this produced metallic antimony.
The most significant isotopes for chemistry are Ac, Ac, and Ac.
A less confrontational vision of scientific discovery is proposed by Adloff.
Purified comes into equilibrium with its decay products after about a half of year.
The uptake to the liver depends on the individual and increases with age.
Those crystals are hygroscopic and have yellow-reddish color and a monoclinic crystal structure.
Small thickness avoids the problem of self-absorption of emitted radiation.
There may be more than one isomer for each isotope.
Research is limited by its short half-life, which prevents the creation of weighable quantities.
The structure of solid astatine is unknown.
This became known as the plum pudding model.
Close examination of the spectral lines reveals that some display a fine structure splitting.
The mass spectrometer uses this principle to measure the mass-to-charge ratio of ions.
This technology is optimized to grow crops on desert land close to the sea.
The abandoned land resulting from shifting cultivation is not included in this category.
This process is often extremely expensive.
Unlike the oxides, it features tetrahedral Al centers.
The great majority of this material is converted to metallic aluminium.
In very high doses, aluminium is associated with altered function of the blood-brain barrier.
For Advanced Chemistry, hip hop is a "vehicle of general human emancipation,".
This is important in two ways.
But not for me.
These controversies have generally been of two types: liturgical and social.
As such it was a distinctly national phenomenon.
This is also the oldest surviving non-Roman Catholic church in the New World.
Lately, he has been occupied with the history of Large Technical Systems.
Oceanic islands are mainly of volcanic origin.
The largest archipelagic state in the world by area and population is Indonesia.
How does it, for example, apply to the complex issue of fan fiction?
Technically, someone owns their work from the time it's created.
He is best known for his work on stochastic processes.
Markov was an atheist.
He later taught at high schools and continued his own mathematical studies.
In Existentialist philosophy the term "angst" carries a specific conceptual meaning.
Indeed, such is consistent with related work on attentional bias in implicit memory.
Such conflicts can be targets for successful treatment with psychodynamic therapy.
It may persist into adulthood and become social anxiety or social phobia.
He edited and wrote for "Granta", a student magazine.
The adult Christopher Robin commented: "Pooh's Forest and Ashdown Forest are identical".
A. Milne and Shepard in creating the world of Pooh.
Alumni is still considered the first great football team in the country.
Their validity had to be established by means of real-world experience.
There are typically multiple ways to axiomatize a given mathematical domain.
Aristotle's posterior analytics is a definitive exposition of the classical view.
No cause of death was given.
He had one younger sister.
You can't run the society on data and computers alone.
The exact reasons for the Ditko-Lee split have never been fully explained.
McFarlane revolutionized Spider-Man's look.
Smallpox was probably the greatest killer.
Its festive pageants, shows, contests and other activities are a major tourist attraction.
The coolest period is between December and February.
The battle was named after a nearby castle called Azincourt.
The battle, as was the tradition, was named after a nearby castle called Azincourt.
Speer was Adolf Hitler's chief architect before assuming ministerial office.
Speer's supporters maintained a continual call for his release.
Speer was taken to several internment centres for Nazi officials and interrogated.
"Solidago" produces relatively high protein pollen, which helps honey bees over winter.
There are usually five stamens.
Asteraceans are especially common in open and dry environments.
The woody "Azorella compacta" Phil.
They then prey upon insect pests on nearby plants.
The flowers are nearly perfectly pentamerous, with five petals, sepals, and stamens.
Actin plays a major role in the mobility of this system.
Examples of these molecules include laminin, fibronectin, tenascin, and perlecan.
Rather, it is a different type.
In the latter role, they are known as "matres lectionis" or "mothers of reading".
Mandaic is written in the Mandaic alphabet.
It became his trademark style.
The disease affects males and females almost equally.
A preceding antigenic challenge can be identified in approximately two-thirds of patients.
This may, therefore, explain decreased coordination at higher movement velocities and accelerations.
Malfunction of the sodium-potassium pump may be a factor in some ataxias.
Arnold-Chiari malformation is a malformation of the brain.
As punishment for betraying their secrets, Alhazred was tortured.
He indeed finds Alhazred's burial chamber and learns of his fate.
Her mother was the only significant parental figure in her life.
One of her later tutors was the mathematician and logician Augustus De Morgan.
With the article, she appended a set of notes.
Derleth can also be considered a pioneering naturalist and conservationist in his writing.
She remained in that capacity until her death.
Marquette, as well as Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau.
Many rodents such as voles live underground.
On the highest rocky ledges the spring flowers bloom in the summer.
Areas of the eastern Alps are still home to brown bears.
This led to further ostracism by French left-wing intellectuals.
In the same year, Camus began to work for "Paris-Soir" magazine.
Camus regretted the continued reference to himself as a "philosopher of the absurd".
Christie was born into a wealthy upper-middle-class family in Torquay, Devon.
Christie has also been portrayed fictionally.
She was survived by her only child, Rosalind Hicks.
Tarrou and Rambert visit one of the isolation camps, where they meet Othon.
He is arrested.
The town is sealed off.
Other names for "absolute value" include "numerical value" and "magnitude".
The real absolute value function is a piecewise linear, convex function.
The real absolute value function is continuous everywhere.
An analog signal uses some property of the medium to convey the signal's information.
This is called generation loss.
In analog systems, it is difficult to detect when such degradation occurs.
There was a pretty rogue for you!
He becomes Poirot's lifelong friend and appears in many cases.
Poirot later became smitten with the woman and allowed her to escape justice.
Sue Grafton contributed to the screenplay of the former.
Julia McKenzie took over the role in the fourth season.
Miss Marple never married and has no close living relatives.
This list does not necessarily imply either official status nor general observance.
It is also attested by Einhard in his work, Vita Karoli Magni.
The Kappa Cygnids take place in August, with the dates varying each year.
Numerous religious holidays occurred during August in ancient Rome.
This list does not necessarily imply either official status or general observance.
During the journey in the wilderness, Aaron was not always prominent or active.
So return and represent me in my family and in thine.
There Moses stripped Aaron of his priestly garments and transferred them to Eleazar.
These include Collins reagent and Dess-Martin periodinane.
The hydroboration-oxidation and oxymercuration-reduction of alkenes are more reliable in organic synthesis.
The direct method avoids the formation of stable intermediates, typically using acid catalysts.
The parish of Achill also includes the Curraun peninsula.
The O'Malleys were a powerful seafaring family, who traded widely.
Ginsberg was an early proponent of freedom for gay people.
Ginsberg advertised the event as "Six Poets at the Six Gallery".
Instead, Ginsberg portrayed casual sex.
The theory of algebraically closed fields has quantifier elimination.
Thus algebraically closed fields are cyclotomically closed.
Every field "F" has some extension which is algebraically closed.
In the subsequent cycle, the format was changed, with the champion having to qualify.
Karpov defeated Timman - the loser of the Candidates' final against Short.
In all three matches, Karpov had winning chances up to the very last games.
These detailed descriptions are known as pace notes.
It was won by the carriage of Isaac Watt Boulton.
A historical event can be of a number of different motorsport disciplines.
Ownership was complete and transferable.
Anarcho-capitalists see free-market capitalism as the basis for a free and prosperous society.
The initiation of force is usually referred to as aggression or coercion.
Eleven of his forty plays survive virtually complete.
Aristophanes was the equal of these great tragedians in his subtle use of lyrics.
Dramatic structure contributes to the complexity of Aristophanes' plays.
It resides in their vault today in deteriorating condition.
Schweitzer unabashedly emphasizes the fact that Paul's thought follows predestinarian lines.
Friedrich Hayek disagreed.
The label endured and was adopted by the adherents themselves.
The school originated in Vienna, in the Austrian Empire.
Abscesses may be classified as either "skin abscesses" or "internal abscesses".
Often many different types of bacteria are involved in a single infection.
Rarely, parasites can cause abscesses; this is more common in the developing world.
It belonged to North Jutland County.
The area is typical for the north of Jutland.
Aarhus has a robust and diverse nightlife.
The larger Billund Airport is situated south-west of Aarhus.
Like many intellectuals of his time, he promoted eugenics.
These strains should constitute an aristocracy, from which great men would probably appear.
Many of these European traditions reflect the dogma of purgatory.
In some countries the celebration is known as the "Day of the Dead".
The season of Epiphany remembers the revelation of Christ to the world.
Anatole France took an important part in the Dreyfus affair.
Anatole France began his literary career as a poet and a journalist.
He was an atheist.
He was also a contributor to "The God That Failed".
The tour disillusioned him and he subsequently became quite critical of Soviet communism.
Thus this algorithm should not be used in practice.
The parallel algorithm below illustrates how to merge multiple sets of statistics calculated online.
Shelling almonds refers to removing the shell to reveal the seed.
Almonds are sold shelled or unshelled.
It is almost insoluble in alcohol but readily soluble in chloroform or ether.
Antigua and Barbuda is a member of the eastern Caribbean court system.
The Antigua Labour Party government was elected with fourteen seats.
Parliament has two chambers.
Forced to wear distinctive clothing, several Jews earned high positions in the Tunisian government.
Foreign investment accounts for around half of that amount.
Progress on economic reform has generally lagged behind macroeconomic stabilization.
The ministry is cooperating with the defense sectors of Ukraine, Belarus and Pakistan.
Most of the country's rivers are not navigable.
To the extreme southeast, the Talysh Mountains form part of the border with Iran.
Today, Israel is a major arms supplier to the country.
In return they become lobbyists for Azerbaijan.
This practice has been widely referred to as "Caviar diplomacy".
It also inherited naval ships.
The climate is highland continental: hot summers and cold winters.
Temperatures in Armenia generally depend upon elevation.
Geological turmoil continues in the form of devastating earthquakes, which have plagued Armenia.
It is also the second-most densely populated post-Soviet state after Moldova.
The largest communities of the ethnic Armenian diaspora are fluent in Russian and English.
Armenia's record on discrimination toward the few remaining national minorities is generally good.
The government does not restrict internal or international travel.
Kocharyan was successful in riding out the unrest.
Armenian mines produce copper, zinc, gold and lead.
Also non-functioning are roads with Turkey and Azerbaijan.
This steady economic progress has earned Armenia increasing support from international institutions.
For Soviet transportation, see Transport in the Soviet Union.
Being a landlocked country, Armenia has no navy.
Lithuania covers all study expenditures.
Eduard Nalbandyan serves as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Armenia.
Soon, violence broke out against Armenians in Azerbaijan and Azeris in Armenia.
The fighting between the sides was brief, with few casualties on either side.
American Samoa is home to the National Park of American Samoa.
American Samoa is the southernmost part of the United States.
The government of American Samoa is defined under the Constitution of American Samoa.
The majority of lands in American Samoa and independent Samoa are communal.
The party system is a based on the United States party system.
In itself, the soul is an immaterial substance.
The metaphysical structures of necessity and contingency are different.
Two encyclopaedic treatises, dealing with philosophy, are often mentioned.
The English media therefore dubbed the tour "the quest to regain the Ashes".
This is known as the Ashes Trophy.
All others were consolation victories when the Ashes had been secured by Australia.
It examines the above using statistics and modeling, and semantics.
It also takes the applied approach, looking at individual language development and clinical issues.
Modern mathematical analysis is the study of infinite processes.
One, two, three, four.
This is very acceptable for communications radios, where compression of the audio aids intelligibility.
In effect they were already amplitude modulated.
Fresnel studied the behaviour of light both theoretically and experimentally.
As a form of consolation, he took religion very seriously especially during his illness.
The English version for a female monastic head is abbess.
The abbot is chosen by the monks from among the fully professed monks.
The "pithecus" portion of the name is from the Greek word for "ape".
Like later hominins, "Ardipithecus" had reduced canine teeth.
The specific name comes from the Afar word for "basal family ancestor".
In an assembly line, car assembly is split between several stations, all working simultaneously.
Industrial noise also proved dangerous.
Each worker typically performs one simple operation.
Financial institutions in Melbourne and banks in Sydney closed.
Adelaide also hosts numerous private hospitals in the city centre and suburbs.
Suburban expansion has to some extent outgrown Light's original plan.
Garner's grandfather, Joseph Garner, "could read, but didn't and so was virtually unlettered".
Instead he taught his grandson the folk tales he knew about The Edge.
On that occasion he gave a half-hour interview about his work.
All integers and rational numbers are algebraic, as are all roots of integers.
Every root of a polynomial equation whose coefficients are "algebraic numbers" is again algebraic.
One may generalize this to "closed-form numbers", which may be defined in various ways.
For Lie algebras the definition is slightly different.
Category theory deals with abstract objects and morphisms between those objects.
An isomorphism is simply a bijective homomorphism.
He can be seen playing his accordion in the motion picture The Godfather.
See the accordion reed ranks and switches article for further explanation and audio samples.
Modern artificial intelligence techniques are pervasive and are too numerous to list here.
The search for more efficient problem-solving algorithms is a high priority.
There are a number of competitions and prizes to promote research in artificial intelligence.
And it's changed our lives.
At the time, I was out of favour with the London club scene.
We're breaking down categories of world music and rock music and black music.
Cosmic order is termed "rta" and causal law by "karma".
In accordance with this, anything definite has to eventually pass back into indefiniteness.
Like many thinkers of his time, Anaximander's philosophy included contributions to many disciplines.
The stars and the planets, located closer, followed the same model.
Educational requirements generally consist of a university degree in architecture.
The availability of both allowed pre-construction drawings to be made by professionals.
That word is used either in itself or before the given name or surname.
Questions which arise include those in the following subsections.
In classical Greece and Rome, the reduction of words to single letters was common.
At first, abbreviations were sometimes represented with various suspension signs, not only periods.
The goddesses offer him bribes.
Aphrodite wants to return him to life.
Anti-symmetry is different from asymmetry, which requires both anti-symmetry and irreflexivity.
The funeral generated press controversy, and was labelled a Black Mass by the tabloids.
The following year Neuburg stayed at Boleskine, where he and Crowley engaged in sadomasochism.
During this time the First World War broke out.
Every knee will bend before the Lord.
If we like it, it is paradise; if we do not, it is hell.
A fundamental aspect of astrometry is error correction.
This technology made astrometry less expensive, opening the field to an amateur audience.
Astrometry is responsible for the detection of many record-breaking Solar System objects.
With Pallas stunned by a blow from Zeus, Athena takes advantage and kills her.
Aglaulus demands money in exchange.
Each of the first four powers is available in an advanced form.
Through the competitive Auction, characters may begin the game vying for standings.
Despite the game's out-of-print status, a thriving convention scene exists supporting the game.
In the Middle East, people began alloying copper with zinc to form brass.
In the modern age, steel can be created in many forms.
Work has been found recently in tombs, Egyptian frescoes, pottery and metalwork.
The Rococo is sometimes considered a final phase of the Baroque period.
It was characterised by iconographic paintings illustrating scenes from the bible.
It was consistently the strongest party, forming and dominating coalitions.
The policy built up support for the Liberal Party in rural North Island electorates.
The landed gentry and aristocracy ruled Britain at this time.
Angles expressed in radians are dimensionless for the purposes of dimensional analysis.
See the figures in this article for examples.
Pairwise these angles are named according to their location relative to each other.
Electroacoustic transducers include loudspeakers, microphones, hydrophones and sonar projectors.
Acoustic scientists work in government, university and private industry laboratories.
Sound recording and the telephone played important roles in a global transformation of society.
Physics research groups are usually so classified.
The Auger effect allows one to multiply ionize an atom with a single photon.
Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus.
This is a similar finding to research in oral languages on pronoun acquisition.
However, written sign language remained marginal among the public.
Other students brought knowledge of their own home signs.
Applets in an open platform environment should provide secure interactions between different applications.
In some cases, an applet does not run independently.
This makes applets well suitable for demonstration, visualization, and teaching.
Terry Pratchett's works include several references to alternate histories of Discworld.
Alternate history is related to, but distinct from, counterfactual history.
These real orbitals are the building blocks most commonly shown in orbital visualizations.
See Extension of the periodic table beyond the seventh period.
Now, suppose we irradiate the atom with a broad-spectrum of light.
Others may be conditionally essential for certain ages or medical conditions.
They are also used to summarise conserved protein sequence motifs.
Turing had such an apparatus set up in his tiny spare room.
This was a teleprinter rotor cipher attachment codenamed "Tunny" at Bletchley Park.
The interrogation had the form of a colloquium.
Surface area is its analog on the two-dimensional surface of a three-dimensional object.
Any line through the midpoint of a parallelogram bisects the area.
The question of the filling area of the Riemannian circle remains open.
Another method involved determining the constant of aberration.
Knowing Earth's shift and a star's shift enabled the star's distance to be calculated.
The following table contains some distances given in astronomical units.
Use of the word "artiste" can also be a pejorative term.
Like Achilles in a later generation, he was trained by the centaur Chiron.
The gods did not heed his plea, and he was torn to pieces.
His own hounds then turned upon him and pursued him, not recognizing him.
Faith is thus regarded as incarnational and authority as dispersed.
This use of a set order of service is not unlike the Catholic tradition.
A characteristic of Anglicanism is that it has no international juridical authority.
The current mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
For the Athenians, all the urban municipalities surrounding the city centre are called suburbs.
More recently a Muslim cultural center has opened on the island.
The island briefly operated as the independent "Republic of Anguilla".
Both names have the meaning "sand island".
The islands are also visited by seasonal caretakers and occasional scientific researchers.
There is no economic activity in the Territory, Ashmore and Cartier Islands being uninhabited.
It derives from fluid dynamics.
See acoustics for the engineering approach.
In acoustics, the fluid medium is assumed to be Newtonian.
As Prime Minister, Alexander Mackenzie strove to reform and simplify the machinery of government.
He was the third of ten children.
He died in Toronto and was buried in Lakeview Cemetery in Sarnia, Ontario.
Ashoka's religion contained gleanings from all religions.
This may have been an incident in Bindusara's times.
However, the edicts alone strongly that he was a Buddhist.
Other alternatives have also surfaced, but most have fallen into disuse and obscurity.
The adjective "American" subsequently denoted the New World.
Ada has language support for task-based concurrency.
It also includes facilities to help program verification.
Such constructs were in part inherited or inspired from Pascal.
He has two brothers, Carlos, also a filmmaker, and Alfredo, a conservation biologist.
Most Germanic tribes were generally tolerant of the Nicene beliefs of their subjects.
Some scholars suggest that Arius may have been poisoned by his opponents.
The Germanic elites were Arians, and the Romance majority population was Nicene.
He had various coins with her portrait struck in her honor.
They are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage.
Faustina bore Antoninus four children, two sons and two daughters.
Despite being impractical, theoretical breaks can sometimes provide insight into vulnerability patterns.
This operation provides the non-linearity in the cipher.
In the AddRoundKey step, the subkey is combined with the state.
It was taken up by singer Edith Piaf as her stage name.
Argot is the language of misery.
This alignment leads to a directional variation of elasticity wavespeed.
By reducing detail in one direction more than another, these effects can be reduced.
Physicists use the term anisotropy to describe direction-dependent properties of materials.
Alpha decay typically occurs in the heaviest nuclides.
Like other cluster decays, alpha decay is fundamentally a quantum tunneling process.
The helium is brought to the surface as a by-product of natural gas production.
It depends not only on income but also on access to services.
Despite this debate, addressing the problem of fragility remains a very real issue.
It would, however, have been very slow.
There were three separate readers for the three types of cards.
Table-sized instead of room-sized, the device was capable of calculating tables, but imperfectly.
Under oath, Augustus declared that he gave no such order.
Augustus' body was coffin-bound and cremated on a pyre close to his mausoleum.
Ice shelves and rises populate the ice sheet on the periphery.
Lesser Antarctica is covered by the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Several volcanoes on offshore islands have records of historic activity.
Organizers then called on Kenn Borek Air based in Calgary.
A normal car on tires has very limited capability for Antarctic conditions.
It was constructed by leveling snow and filling in crevasses, but is not paved.
Coypu and nine-banded armadillo have been introduced to the state and now also common.
The climate of Alabama is humid subtropical.
There is also an abundance of cypress, hickory, oak, populus, and eastern redcedar trees.
The governor is also the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.
The governor and lieutenant governor are not elected on the same ticket.
She is the second female governor of Alabama.
In general use, the word "apocrypha" came to mean "false, spurious, bad, or heretical.
Other traditions maintained different customs regarding canonicity.
The treaty was the first arms control agreement established during the Cold War.
However, an autopsy in New Zealand revealed that Doctor Marks died from methanol poisoning.
Note: The table can be sorted alphabetically or chronologically using the icon.
He published two early aviation trade journals.
The new professional baseball league had the intent to racially integrate.
The aircraft crashed on takeoff on its maiden flight.
Their art was exhibited nationally as well as abroad.
Two small streams run through the town: the South Skunk River and Squaw Creek.
In the fall the club hosts Cyclone Country Championships.
Abalones are subject to various diseases.
By the time of the exposition, Americans were starting to discover abalone.
Sale of sport-obtained abalone is illegal, including the shell.
They may not serve as a witness to a marriage except by special rescript.
An abbess serves for life, except in Italy and some adjacent islands.
These positions continued merely changing from Catholic to Lutheran.
The most common abdominal surgeries are described below.
The arms of the city are divided into two halves.
The district of Offenstetten previously possessed its own coat of arms.
Two diagonally-crossed silver swords with golden handles rest on top.
Arminians across Holland were removed from office, imprisoned, banished, and sworn to silence.
Identity stemmed from membership in a group more than individuality.
Wesleyan Arminianism is often identical with Methodism.
There were fewer hit singles, and declining album sales.
This eventually led to a rift between the two artists.
After those successes, however, the Project began to fade from view.
Other photochemical cycloaddition reactions with alkenes occur through excimers.
Arenes are reactants in many organic reactions.
Unusual thermal Diels-Alder reactivity of arenes can be found in the Wagner-Jauregg reaction.
The crosses were made of wood and the candlesticks of iron.
The priory at Paisley was an exception.
Rutkowski was in contact with Bloch and others, and published in the Annales.
In South America the "Annales" approach became popular.
Influence indeed spread out from Paris, but few new ideas came in.
Thus, the electron and positron are denoted simply as and respectively.
Antiparticles are created everywhere in the universe where high-energy particle collisions take place.
The antiprotons are still hot when initially trapped.
It seems that the goal of the designer was to avoid straight lines completely.
It is a bulbous, root-like structure that evokes plant life.
The loft is considered to be one of the most unusual spaces.
These references have not been proven in the historiography of the modern architect.
To that, the Catalan artist adds creative liberty and an imaginative, ornamental creation.
It has since been converted into a municipal garden.
However, the problem of infinite charge of the universe remains.
Some particles, such as the photon, are their own antiparticle.
The laws of nature are very nearly symmetrical with respect to particles and antiparticles.
However, mathematicians agree on a particular order of evaluation for several common non-associative operations.
The following are truth-functional tautologies.
Some examples of associative operations include the following.
The Apache Software Foundation is a decentralized open source community of developers.
They came to be known as the Apache Group.
Civil rights law depends heavily on private enforcement.
These regulations cover access to all programs and services offered by the entity.
People with disabilities can not be treated less than other customers.
It was designed and hand-built by Steve Wozniak.
Wozniak's friend Steve Jobs had the idea of selling the computer.
Availability is usually limited to small runs in response to demand.
The specimen was found in Cactus Park Quarry in western Colorado.
Thus, thirteen characters were chosen to validate the separation of genera.
Sauropoda is still used as the group name.
Some of the fractures were poorly healed and formed pseudoarthroses.
Big Al Two is also known to have multiple injuries.
A metacarpal with a round depressed fracture.
This dramatically reduces the overall diameter of the groups.
This launcher can also be used to launch tear-gas and riot control grenades.
And, the bolt-handle was simply attached to the bolt-carrier.
The mechanical and logic design was worked out by Atanasoff over the next year.
Then the whole process would be repeated to eliminate another variable.
The arithmetic logic functions were fully electronic, implemented with vacuum tubes.
Temperature, atmospheric pressure and humidity decrease in higher elevations.
For decades, Chile claimed ownership of land on the eastern side of the Andes.
The government sponsored the construction of aqueducts and roads in addition to preexisting installations.
Anchors can either be temporary or permanent.
It does not limit swinging range, and might not be suitable in some circumstances.
Some skippers prefer an all chain warp for added security in coral waters.
It continued to be a place of much importance throughout the Abbasid period.
No longer a residential bishopric, having faded.
A lofty isolated ridge formed its acropolis.
A stadium and a theatre lie outside the walls to the south.
It was the home of the poet Oppian.
Anagrams used for titles afford scope for some types of wit.
Anagrams are often used as a form of mnemonic device.
Some games even use anagrams in their plot.
As herds of domestic reindeer have declined, herds of wild caribou have increased.
He also applied mathematics in generalizing physical laws from these experimental results.
Ammonia may be used to mitigate gaseous spills of phosgene.
An excess of ammonia helps minimise multiple substitution, and neutralises the hydrogen halide formed.
It is thought that the low-temperature conditions allow this molecule to survive and accumulate.
The largest amethyst mine in North America is located in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Amethyst occurs at many localities in the United States.
Amethyst is relatively common in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Nova Scotia.
Two ribs and a belly-rib showed signs of breaking and healing.
Currie also offers speculation on the pack-hunting habits of "Albertosaurus".
The presence of incisions ending in voids has parallels in human engineering.
This sequence of text lines may include opcodes or directives.
Some assemblers also support simple built-in macro-instructions that generate two or more machine instructions.
Historically, numerous programs have been written entirely in assembly language.
It was brought to the gods in Olympus by doves.
Pliny used the term in connection with different plants, as did early herbalists.
For this reason, bees and beehives often appear in the saint's symbology.
Ambrose refused and was required to answer for his conduct before the council.
He was succeeded as bishop of Milan by Simplician.
After the expulsion of Gorgus's son Periander its government developed into a strong democracy.
Ambraciot politics featured many frontier disputes with the Amphilochians and Acarnanians.
In Byzantine times a new settlement took its place under the name of Arta.
Phenolic resins are today only produced by angiosperms, and tend to serve functional uses.
The oldest amber with arthropod inclusions comes from the Levant, from Lebanon and Jordan.
Only about is found per year, which makes it valuable and expensive.
The older son, Gesalec, was chosen king but his reign was disastrous.
The alphorn is carved from solid softwood, generally spruce but sometimes pine.
For example, the First United States Army and the Army of Northern Virginia.
The small force was represented by only a few regiments.
However, this would only become apparent after the French Revolutionary Wars.
In general, crocodiles tend to be more dangerous to humans than alligators.
The bacterium absorbs nitrogen from the air and makes it available to the tree.
Alder is illustrated in the coat of arms for the Austrian town of Grossarl.
Alder leaves and sometimes catkins are used as food by numerous butterflies and moths.
The temple school was widely denounced in the press.
As Abby wrote, his death "has prostrated all our hopes here".
Louisa and her parents moved in with Anna as well.
These techniques have proven to be effective.
Studies have shown that crickets can develop a fear of spiders before birth.
This suggests arachnophobia may be a cultural, rather than genetic trait.
Geologists only define the gypsum variety as alabaster.
Alabaster is mined and then sold in blocks to alabaster workshops.
The Greek words were used to identify a vase made of alabaster.
In the Biblical text, Ahab has five important encounters with prophets.
The existence of Ahab is historically supported outside of the Bible.
Ahab was succeeded by his sons, Ahaziah and Jehoram.
Fossil taxa follow McKenna and Bell, with modifications following Kramarz.
They are herbivorous, often feeding on ripe fruit that falls from trees.
The cheek teeth are hypsodont and flat-crowned.
In some binaries similar to Algol, a gas flow can be seen.
The English name "Demon Star" is a direct translation of this.
Thus Algol became one of the first known spectroscopic binaries.
Three verses were emblematically sung by Tom in his hour of deepest crisis.
The communal understanding of redemption and human self-worth has changed since Newton's time.
Contemporary hymnbooks did not contain music and were simply small books of religious poetry.
It is separated into three different sections: "Member Agreement", "Community Guidelines" and "Privacy Policy".
In many instances, such retention was done against subscribers' wishes, or without their consent.
Other community leaders hosted chat rooms and provided online help.
The Gregorian calendar is the most widely used calendar in the world today.
No single "Anno Mundi" epoch was dominant throughout the Christian world.
This accounts for the seven- or eight-year discrepancy between the Gregorian and Ethiopian calendars.
He was never ordained a priest.
Alcuin's sequence is the solution to one of the problems of that book.
They referred to him as 'David', a reference to the Biblical king David.
At one time, he served an officer of the maritime provinces.
Charlemagne was referred to as "David", a reference to the Biblical king David.
Charlemagne and the other men at court were known by affectionate and jesting nicknames.
The prefix "N"-" shows substitution on the nitrogen atom.
Many higher molecular weight amines are, biologically, highly active.
Imine formation is an important reaction.
A system with a truly negative temperature is not colder than absolute zero.
Consequently no adiabatic process initiated at nonzero temperature can lead to zero temperature.
Maxwell's relations show that various other quantities also vanish.
In an adiabatic process, energy is transferred to its surroundings only as work.
The adiabatic process has been important for thermodynamics since its early days.
The words are used differently in the two disciplines, as stated just above.
They are the most common non-basic functional group.
Therefore, amides don't have as clearly noticeable acid-base properties in water.
Compared to amines, amides are very weak bases.
Wind, similarly, can be conceived as a person in animistic thought.
Some religions are both pantheistic and animistic.
Various animistic cultures also comprehend as stones as persons.
Vivaldi's health was problematic.
The prince sponsored many musicians including Alessandro Scarlatti and George Frideric Handel.
It proved most profitable for Vivaldi.
Right after Innertkirchen it is joined by its first major tributary, the Gamderwasser.
A little past Meiringen, near Brienz, the river expands into Lake Brienz.
The Rhine, in turn, empties into the North Sea after crossing into the Netherlands.
It was formerly the residence of historical novelist and poet, Sir Walter Scott.
Mrs Maxwell Scott.
He gave her bread and water and sent them away.
Some early Christian writers interpreted the three visitors as the triune God.
The seven letters spelling its name may represent each of the seven classic planets.
Joab, accustomed to avenging himself, took this opportunity to even the score with Absalom.
Absalom's sister Tamar was raped by Amnon, who was their half-brother.
If only I were the judge of the land!
It was in this time period that the Abydos boats were constructed.
The probable tomb of Menes is of the latter size.
The temple was renewed and enlarged by these pharaohs as well.
The following day, Alexander left Abydos and led his army north to Percote.
Ostensibly an ally, Abydos was hostile to Athens throughout this time.
These are known as "phyllodes".
These burrow horizontally into the trunk then vertically down.
It is also used in paper tissue where it improves softness.
However, the center of the bay is not touched.
Tropical storms and hurricanes are threats from May through November.
Investigations are under way, but no arrests have yet been made.
These inventions were later commercialized by Apple Computer in their Lisa and Macintosh computers.
This greatly inspired Kay's evolving views on objects and programming.
These further influenced his views.
Such explicit procedures are called algorithms or "programs".
Its own output starts in column one.
A similar situation occurs with a random function passed as actual argument.
Nevertheless, diligence persisted during the entire period.
The loop thus prints out each word followed by its frequency count.
They hold the text or values in the individual text-fields in a record.
Odin and his wife, Frigg, are the rulers of Asgard.
Odin is the chief of Asagarth.
The Prose Edda presents two views regarding Asgard.
Also, there was no provision for docking with the Lunar Module.
Then, communications problems frustrated the astronauts and forced a hold in the simulated countdown.
This time the mission was successful.
Laws on assault vary by state.
South African law does not draw the distinction between assault and battery.
But we believe that none but Light-Elves inhabit these mansions now.
The latter etymology has resulted in a number of theories.
The brothers were once walking along a beach and found two trees there.
Further, the three gods gave them clothing and names.
The Alabama is navigable throughout the year.
The Edmund Pettus Bridge crosses the Alabama River near Selma.
Railways connect it with the mineral regions of north-central Alabama.
His mysticism, however, is far from being as absolute as that of the Victorines.
Alan's philosophy was a sort of mixture of Aristotelian logic and Neoplatonic philosophy.
He crossed the Rhine to forestall that event, a successful strategy.
The crossing is described in Wallace Breem's historical novel Eagle in the Snow.
As chairman, Kolton oversaw the introduction of options trading.
The paper shook Charles Lyell's belief that species were immutable.
Despite this, his fame faded quickly after his death.
I am thankful I can see much to admire in all religions.
They feared that federation would further entrench the power of the conservative forces.
The larger branches also have full-time assistant secretaries and organisers.
The current national president is Jack Boyd, from the New South Wales Right.
However this leaves no prize for herself.
However, the soot causes Alice to sneeze, sending Bill high up into the sky.
In the Disney film, the Dodo plays a much greater role in the story.
Posthumously, he became known as "Alcibiades".
Albert's entanglements in Saxony stemmed from his desire to expand his inherited estates there.
Albert was a part of the army that besieged Demmin.
He procured the services of John Tetzel to sell the indulgences.
Albert forwarded the theses to Rome, suspecting Luther of heresy.
A generous patron of art and learning, he counted Erasmus among his friends.
Albert's rule in Prussia was fairly prosperous.
The early years of Albert's rule in Prussia were fairly prosperous.
This transition did not, however, take place without protest.
There is a shuttle-service between Aachen and the airport.
The city limits are long, of which border Belgium and the Netherlands.
The Romans built bathhouses near Burtscheid.
When sliced, it often shows a characteristic layering of concentric polygons.
When the matrix in which the agates are embedded disintegrates, they are set free.
"Crazy lace agate", found in Mexico, is often brightly colored and complexly patterned.
High doses may result in ringing in the ears.
Many drugs are receiving regulatory approval for only a single crystal form or polymorph.
Thromboxanes are responsible for the aggregation of platelets that form blood clots.
He then justifies it later by mentioning his brother.
Many travelers have recorded visiting the tomb over the centuries.
He requires from those who visit it a small gratuity.
He was buried in Ahmed I Mausoleum, Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
However, Ottoman success proved ephemeral.
The Ainu people had various types of marriage.
The Ainu usually used arrows to hunt deer.
Ezo deer were a particularly important food resource for the Ainu as were salmon.
An example in Ireland is the Rock of Cashel.
Clinical practice varies depending on the country.
It restricts the use of words like "Acupuncture" and "Registered Acupuncturist".
Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine.
However, there is no certainty regarding the origin of his name.
He became the first true hero of Rome.
It was recovered in Mexico from wild varieties and is now commercially cultivated.
I envy you your beauty and your perfume.
"Amarant" is an archaic variant.
He buried him, honored with a tomb and a shrine to Aphrodite Argynnis.
Clytemnestra, Agamemnon's wife, had taken Aegisthus, son of Thyestes, as a lover.
There they respectively married Tyndareus' daughters Clytemnestra and Helen.
He was seized and his possessions were plundered by the government troops.
The British came to address Hasan Ali Shah as His Highness.
He was besieged at Bam for some fourteen months.
He also attended Eton and University of Cambridge.
In East Africa, major social welfare and economic development institutions were established.
He was British flat racing Champion Owner thirteen times.
But Agassiz refused to give up hope for the mines.
He also built a railroad and dredged a channel to navigable waters.
As a statesman he won himself both enthusiastic adherents and bitter enemies.
During these campaigns, Lysander attempted to manipulate Agesilaus into ceding his authority.
During these conflicts in mainland Greece, Lysander perished while attacking the walls of Thebes.
On his return he was appointed secretary to the Congregation of the Propaganda.
He died in Rome and was buried in Bergamo.
She is called Marie by some of the French chroniclers.
Her mother was Agnes of Rochlitz.
She returned with her children to Italy with Germanicus' ashes.
Augustus ordered Tiberius to adopt Germanicus as his son and heir.
She was a loyal, affectionate wife, who supported her husband.
Messalina was Agrippina's second paternal cousin.
Agrippina began to support Britannicus in her attempt to make him emperor.
They married, and Crispus became a step-father to Lucius.
Brown rice is often offered as an optional alternative to white rice.
They mostly lived together in ghettos, individually referred to as "Chinatown".
Hence he "assumed the insignia of royalty" as the "sovereign ruler of Afghanistan".
Ahmad Shah Durrani vacated Delhi soon after the battle.
He was born as Ahmed Khan.
He was born at Warrington, Lancashire into a distinguished literary family of prominent Unitarians.
His father, Doctor John Aikin, was a medical doctor, historian, and author.
He was highly esteemed as a man of sound judgement and wide knowledge.
The genus is native from east Asia south to northern Australasia.
Other Lepidoptera whose larvae feed on "Ailanthus" include "Endoclita malabaricus".
This also appears in the "Acta sanctorum".
Among these is at least one text predating the reign of Sargon.
He was the leader of the Locrian contingent during the Trojan War.
Thetis buried him when the corpse washed up on Myconos.
Ajax violently dragged her away to the other captives.
When Patroclus is killed, Hector tries to steal his body.
Ajax would wield his magnificent shield, as Teucer stood behind picking off enemy Trojans.
It is then that a competition is held to determine who deserves the armor.
Eventually, the Senate granted him a substantial subsidy.
But a storm battered his ships into pieces and many of his soldiers drowned.
Alaric was probably a child during this period.
There they captured the Roman usurper Peter and had him executed.
Albert agrees with this commentary but he also adds in harmony or agreement.
It is located on the campus of the University of Houston.
Alboin "invited her to drink merrily with her father".
In Lombard territory, churchmen were at least sure to avoid imperial religious persecution.
This view is met with scepticism by scholars such as Chris Wickham.
He did spare the lives of the deserters, but had them horribly mutilated.
While at Cochin, Albuquerque started a school.
At this time, his political enemies at the Portuguese court were planning his downfall.
The broad outlines of the poet's life are well known.
During Amphitryon's expedition against the Taphians and Teleboans, Zeus visited Alcmene disguised as Amphitryon.
After a crash of thunder and light, the baby arrives without anyone's assistance.
Protection outside the Republic was more problematic, however.
Manutius met Andrea Torresani who had acquired publishing equipment from Nicholas Jensen's widow.
The Aldine Press also expanded into current languages, mainly Italian and French.
Another historian, H. J. Cowdrey, argued that the "laudes" were composed at Winchester.
Holding Worcester along with York allowed the archbishop sufficient revenue to support himself.
Two further leases exist in "Hemming's Cartulary" as copies only.
He left a son, Neoptolemus, and a daughter, Cadmea.
At the wedding Philip was assassinated by Pausanias of Orestis.
Success still followed his arms.
Alexander's claims were recognized by the Roman Senate, Ptolemy Philometor of Egypt and others.
He married Cleopatra Thea, a daughter of the Ptolemaic dynasty.
The actor was threatened with punishment because Alexander was so moved while watching.
His body was cast into the streets, and exposed to every indignity.
Plutarch gives a detailed account of it, with a lively picture of the palace.
There are extant silver and copper coins of this king.
The former bear a youthful head covered with the skin of an elephant's head.
At the moment of the crash, the imperial family was in the dining car.
Bismarck failed to do what was expected of him by the Russian emperor.
Of his five surviving children, he was closest to his youngest two.
Walter Bower says the attackers were from Moray and Mearns.
This, says Wyntoun, is why he was named the "Fierce".
Alexander the First has been depicted in a fantasy novel.
This action led to the sacking of Berwick-upon-Tweed as John's forces ravaged the north.
He repeatedly attempted negotiations and purchase, but without success.
They had no children.
Alexander was an only child, and it was imperative to secure the succession.
His mother became his regent.
His action won popular support, as did his appointment of a radical ministry.
Some texts have said that he fell off a cliff.
Norway retained only Orkney and Shetland in the area.
"On the Principles of the Universe" is preserved in Arabic translation.
Alexander's band, an optical phenomenon, is named after him.
There are also several extant original writings by Alexander.
Lampridius documents two theories that elaborate on Severus's assassination.
He was extremely tolerant of Jews and Christians alike.
Alexander's reign was also characterized by a significant breakdown of military discipline.
In the Iliad, the character Paris is known also as Alexander.
Most later Alexanders in various countries were directly or indirectly named for him.
Some anapaestic verses in praise of Euripides are preserved in Gellius.
A victor issues from Jacob to wipe out what is left of Ir.
The greatest impact of the war was the victor's revenge.
Paulician soldiers in imperial service likewise deserted during Alexios' battles with the Normans.
Alexios' last years were also troubled by anxieties over the succession.
He obliged, sending a complete assurance for the family with his own cross.
It was said he had a son, called Stephanus, who also wrote comedies.
He entered Constantinople, received with almost divine honours, and overthrew the government.
Byzantine authority survived, but in a much weakened state.
Alexios was now closer to the imperial throne than ever before.
These actions inevitably led to the financial ruin of the state.
Instead, Alexios Doukas used his access to the palace to arrest the emperors.
An attempted surprise attack against the crusader camp failed despite the Emperor's personal leadership.
Alexei had strong leanings towards archaeology and ecclesiology.
Alexis was drunk constantly and Alexei pronounced his bride "pock-marked" and "too thin".
All this was done to terrorize the reactionaries and isolate the tsarevich.
Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.
Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the Tariff of Abominations.
Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.
Johnson and his party traveled through the Blue Ridge Mountains to Greeneville, Tennessee.
In Greeneville, Johnson established a successful tailoring business in the front of his home.
Though she suffered from Tuberculosis, Eliza supported her husband's endeavors.
Ignat Solzhenitsyn is the music director of The Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia.
The shield in the coat of arms is supported by two leopards.
The suburb of Dyce also won the Small Towns award.
The "Energetica" initiative led by Scottish Enterprise has been designed to accelerate this process.
Natalius soon repented and tearfully begged Pope Zephyrinus to receive him into communion.
The emperors frequently imposed their own nominees to further their own causes.
Antipopes have appeared as fictional characters.
Farming also implies individual or corporate ownership of the stock being cultivated.
Early aquaculturists fed their brood using nymphs and silkworm feces, and ate them.
First, fix a particular axiomatic system S for the natural numbers.
Using this statement, one can define an analogue of mutual information for Kolmogorov complexity.
Otherwise, "s" is incompressible by "c".
He had tried to reverse the official endorsement of Christianity by the Roman Empire.
A number of educational establishments are named in Alfred's honour.
Alfred meant the translation to be used, and circulated it to all his bishops.
It is thought that he may have suffered from Crohn's disease.
In his later years Algardi controlled a large studio and amassed a great fortune.
His terracotta models, some of them finished works of art, were prized by collectors.
An outstanding series of terracotta models is at the Hermitage Museum, Saint Petersburg.
Its proximity to the Mediterranean Sea aids in moderating the city's temperatures.
The casbah and the two quays form a triangle.
The interior resembles that of the Grand Mosque.
This work enjoyed a great reputation during the Middle Ages.
In his work, Alhazen discussed theories on the motion of a body.
Among his collaborators was Giovanni Maria Butteri and his main pupil was Giovanni Bizzelli.
The Berghouata resisted.
Most aloe juices today do not contain significant aloin.
Many genera, such as "Lomatophyllum", have been brought into synonymy.
The circumscription of the genus has varied widely.
The sarcophagus and its contents had been removed by early plunderers of the tomb.
In "The Histories", Herodotus recounts how Alyattes continued his father's war against Miletus.
All that was left were some broken alabaster vases, pottery and charcoal.
Most jurisdictions have set a fixed age of consent.
This has led to gender-neutral laws in many jurisdictions.
Whether or not these images are legal is debated.
He replaced Flavius Martinus after that vicarius' suicide.
Amalasuntha believed this pairing would help to make supporters out of her harshest critics.
Shortly after Amalasuntha's murder, Theodahad would be replaced by Witigis, Amalasuntha's son-in-law.
With the people's support, Witigis would have Theodahad put to death.
These are the known ancestors of Afonso Henriques, going back five generations.
With this papal blessing, Portugal was at last secured as a kingdom.
Conflict between the two was constant and bitter in the following years.
These eventually created a state within the state.
Other reforms included the always delicate matters with the pope.
These were mainly concerned with private property, civil justice, and minting.
They had no surviving children.
Afonso, of course, did not refuse the papal order and consequently marched to Portugal.
Afonso showed extraordinary vision for the time.
The notorious rivalry between the half brothers led to civil war several times.
Afonso died almost immediately after, in Lisbon in May.
His sobriquet refers to his conquests in Northern Africa.
Afonso the Fifth then turned his attentions to North Africa.
These achievements granted the king the nickname of "the African" or "Africano".
He also negotiated a French alliance through his marriage.
However, the king was physically and mentally weak.
Several precursor kingdoms have had an Alfonso the First.
He was the governor of the palace during the reign of Adosinda's husband Silo.
Officially, his father was her husband, Infante Francis.
These rumours were used as political propaganda against Alfonso by the Carlists.
His mother's accession created the second cause of instability, which was the Carlist Wars.
He found her attractive, and she returned his interest.
A sixth illegitimate child was born before his marriage.
In May, diplomats of both kingdoms officially executed the agreement of marriage.
He was dead by September.
Many Frenchmen consequently joined Alfonso at Ayerbe.
It is a small genus of flowering bulbs, with two species.
The plant has a symbiotic relationship with carpenter bees.
However Alfonso died before meeting his bride.
During the reign of his father, he was the procurator general of the Crown.
Several "heads of the fleet" are known.
His court is relatively well known.
Under Amasis, Egypt's agricultural based economy reached its zenith.
The Duke of Milan, Filippo Maria Visconti, joined the anti-Aragonese coalition.
Alfonso was the object of diplomatic contacts from the empire of Ethiopia.
The pre-history of Amathus mixes myth and archaeology.
A special burial ground for infants, a "tophet" served the culture of the Phoenicians.
Their importance is considered equal to those of the Bergonzi, Guarneri and Stradivari families.
He was the most eminent of the family.
What became of this first violin is not known.
Greeks also used epithets for them.
Homer tells that the Amazons were sought and found somewhere near Lycia.
One day a Scythian and an Amazon came close.
Ambergris takes years to form.
His plan is to recover the corpse himself in hopes that it contains ambergris.
Perfumes can still be found with ambergris around the world.
There were several tribes in the country who fought against each other frequently.
As they approached the besieged Roman camp, the Belgae moved to engage Caesar's troops.
It is the richest tropical forest in the world in terms of biodiversity.
They continued downriver through an uninhabited area, where they could not find food.
They are best represented by the Marajoara culture.
Geoffrey of Monmouth and Simeon of Durham are Alfred's chief sources.
He wrote a considerable number of works on the Bible and religious subjects generally.
The weather was burning hot.
He is honored as a saint by the Camaldolese Order.
In his study of Greek literature his master was Emmanuel Chrysoloras.
He died soon after.
Various monasteries were founded on these lines, but without any formal bond between them.
There was a rector, or superior general, who was assisted by two "visitors".
This commentary was erroneously attributed for a long time to Saint Ambrose.
Despite the elusive identity of Ambrosiaster, several facts about him can be established.
Attempts to identify this Ambrosiaster with known authors has continued, but with no success.
Frank D. Reno suggests a connection or identification of Ambrosius with Vortimer.
The result is the so-called Giants' Ring.
In both he is called "Aurelius" for short.
The people of this kingdom are called "Children of Ammon" or "Ammonites".
She was the mother of Solomon's successor, Rehoboam.
Little mention is made of the Ammonites through the Persian and early Hellenistic periods.
He also taught Asclepius of Tralles, John Philoponus, Damascius and Simplicius.
Of his reputedly numerous writings, only his commentary on Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" survives intact.
It is quite possible that Ammonius Saccas taught both Origens.
Little is known about Ammonius's role in the development of Neoplatonism.
Most details of his life come from the fragments left from Porphyry's writings.
This phrase becomes important within future prophetic and apocalyptic literature.
God's name must be exalted.
Amos is the first prophet to use the term the Day of the Lord.
The Athenian population remained very much in the minority in the city.
The large size of the tumulus indicates the prominence of the burials made there.
The bishopric is today listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see.
He is praised for his faith in the Epistle to the Hebrews.
Commentators of the Quran have linked two individuals to the name Imran.
The other three ancient Israelites who died without sin, being Benjamin, Jesse and Chileab.
He was the first of its rulers to have diplomatic relations with other states.
He married Eurydice and they had a son Alexander.
The history of Macedonia may be said to begin with Amyntas' reign.
He is historically considered the founder of the unified Macedonian state.
In response, Amyntas sought additional allies.
Reputedly a forerunner of the Cynics, none of his works has survived.
But give it to your fellow-citizens instead, or let the immortal gods have it.
Come and visit me, and you will find me at peace.
One minaret is particularly old.
Its early history under the Babylonians is uncertain.
He got possession of the place and relocated its inhabitants.
But...Ananda will experience final liberation in this very life.
It gave distinctness and reality to the aggregates of like parts.
There he is said to have remained for thirty years.
Anaxagoras brought philosophy and the spirit of scientific inquiry from Ionia to Athens.
The reports of his philosophical views suggest that he was a forerunner of Pyrrhonism.
Anaxarchus was born at Abdera in Thrace.
As a rhetorician, he was a determined opponent of Isocrates and his school.
This attribution has, however, been disputed by some scholars.
Anaximenes, like others in his school of thought, practiced material monism.
In contrast, water evaporates into air, which ignites and produces flame when further rarefied.
The Anaximenes crater on the Moon is named in his honor.
He also built Rome's first prison, the Mamertine prison.
The Latins initially made an incursion on Roman lands.
The war then focused on the Latin town of Medullia.
North Andamans is characterised by the wet evergreen type, with plenty of woody climbers.
The airport is under the control of the Indian Navy.
On the third day, they were attacked with iron-tipped spears by naked islanders.
He wrote other works that have since been lost.
Callias also charged him with violating the laws respecting the temple at Eleusis.
Soon afterwards, however, he was set free, or escaped from prison.
He never returned afterwards, and seems to have died soon after this blow.
However, royal revenues had significantly diminished.
Coloman and Andrew each ruled the Principality of Halych for a short period.
The end product of his labours was the "Enquiry".
This is also, presumably, the "principle" that organizes the connections between ideas.
Third, he thinks that those who hold onto the miraculous have tended towards barbarism.
Andrew was accompanied on this mission by brother Jacques.
His reign lasted just one year.
Andriscus' brief reign over Macedonia was marked by cruelty and extortion.
After this, Macedonia was formally reduced to a Roman province.
An alliance with Bulgaria failed to secure any gains for the Byzantine empire.
Byzantine sources do not attest to the meeting.
However, this victory failed to stem significantly the Ottoman advance in Asia Minor.
In spite of some successes, the Catalans were unable to secure lasting gains.
There they conquered the Duchy of Athens and Thebes.
Andronikos was granted estates in Kakhetia, in the east of Georgia.
Here the charms of his niece, Eudoxia, attracted him and she became his mistress.
When Andronikos arrived he found that Isaac had been proclaimed Emperor.
It is octagonal, with figures carved on each side, representing the eight principal winds.
From this model is derived the custom of placing weathercocks on steeples.
He is reported to have been the eleventh scholarch of the Peripatetic school.
None of these works is extant.
The name has the sense of "male victor, warrior".
He eventually settled in Rome and began the "Res Gestae".
Because of the aborted landing, this experiment was never deployed.
They photographed it for later analysis of the accident's cause.
Low power levels made even voice communications difficult.
Schirra thus became the only astronaut to fly Mercury, Gemini and Apollo missions.
I think you're too late now to do much about it.
The mission was the second manned launch of a Saturn Five rocket.
These names were required as radio call signs when the vehicles flew independently.
Of these, osteoarthritis is the fastest increasing major health condition.
Overall the disease becomes more common with age.
Risk factors for osteoarthritis include prior joint trauma, obesity, and a sedentary lifestyle.
It is selectively hydrogenated into ethylene, usually using Pd-Ag catalysts.
Since acetylene is a linear symmetrical molecule, it possesses the D point group.
It was also used as an early light source for lighthouses.
The term "Arabic numerals" is ambiguous.
The numeral system employed, known as algorism, is positional decimal notation.
With her son's consent - indeed encouragement - Apuleius agreed to marry her.
Apuleius was an initiate in several Greco-Roman mysteries, including the Dionysian Mysteries.
He is dressed in the familiar hirsute goatskins, his feet and shins bare.
Unfortunately for Selkirk, both were Spanish.
He was soon off to sea again, having enlisted in the Royal Navy.
Development was discontinued later in favor of a limited ground-based defense.
It may also act as an anti-satellite weapon.
This led to intense debates about the "cost-exchange ratio" between interceptors and warheads.
The word "furlong" itself derives from the fact that it is "one furrow long".
Consequently, the international acre is exactly square metres.
The most common use of the acre is to measure tracts of land.
In prokaryotes, multiple electron acceptors can be used in anaerobic respiration.
These include nitrate, sulfate or carbon dioxide.
Self prescription of antibiotics is an example of misuse.
To avoid surgery, antibiotics may be given for non-complicated acute appendicitis.
Phage therapy is another method for treating antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria.
No one was harmed in the incident.
This was his final film before taking time to recuperate from a back injury.
Schwarzenegger would have voiced the Governator.
Actiaca Aera was a computation of time from the battle.
Pinckney was jailed for two months until being released on bail.
The Orlando Magic are owned by the DeVos family.
Samuelson concludes: Smith was unable to prove the essence of his invisible-hand doctrine.
Wherever there is great property there is great inequality.
Stein writes that Smith was not pure or doctrinaire about this idea.
He also pushed for public education in the sciences.
Antoine Lavoisier is commonly cited as a central contributor to the chemical revolution.
Lavoisier's experiments supported the law of conservation of mass.
He was a Professor at Marburg and Leipzig.
He was survived by four children.
They had four children.
He later attended Kirori Mal College, University of Delhi.
All of them were successful at the box office.
Thus, allomorphy was no longer directly relatable to phonological processes.
For example, in English, a past tense morpheme is "-ed".
Examples include the past tense and the plural morphemes.
For example, English has both oral and nasal allophones of its vowels.
When they are realized without much allophonic variation, a simple "broad transcription" is used.
Hawaiian and Toki Pona.
They are bound morphemes by definition; prefixes and suffixes may be separable affixes.
"Prefix" and "suffix" are extremely common terms.
In other cases, the lexical suffixes have become grammaticalized to various degrees.
The story of the apple falling onto Isaac Newton's head is another famous allegory.
The allegory was as true as the facts of surface appearances.
This is allegoresis, or the act of reading a story as an allegory.
The term "allotropy" is used for elements only, not for compounds.
Another contributing factor is the ability of an element to catenate.
He was twice banished for attempting to overthrow the oligarchical party in Syracuse.
Theoxena survived Agathocles.
In Africa he concluded the treaty with Ophellas, ruler of Cyrenaica.
Oil and gas exports have been possible because of increasing pipeline technology.
Urban development has also been most advanced in the parkland belt.
Alberta has always been an export-oriented economy.
The famous mathematician Lagrange was also a friend of the Cauchy family.
Cauchy was by then a rising mathematical star, who certainly merited a professorship.
The contour integral is taken counter-clockwise.
He introduced this result without offering any explanation of how he had obtained it.
Archimedes' machine was a device with a revolving screw-shaped blade inside a cylinder.
He asked Can there be any reasonable 'alternative'?
Americans spend many billions on the therapies annually.
Some have proposed adopting a prize system to reward medical research.
The last construction we use here is truncation of both corners and edges.
The duals of the Archimedean solids are called the Catalan solids.
Starting with a Platonic solid, truncation involves cutting away of corners.
The dual polyhedra of the antiprisms are the trapezohedra.
The symmetry group contains inversion if and only if "n" is odd.
The secretary-bird is common in the south.
Among the birds most characteristic of Africa are the ostrich and the secretary-bird.
Baboons and mandrills, with few exceptions, are peculiar to Africa.
Malaria is the most deadly environmental disease in Africa.
An important branch, however - the Benue-flows from the southeast.
Other ways of extending Approval voting to multiple winner elections have been devised.
Voting strategy under approval is guided by two competing features of approval voting.
As a result, they vote for any candidate with an above-average utility.
The underground library lights the beacon at night.
Arizona State University has an active extracurricular involvement program.
Recently lyrics were added to the song.
Summers are cool, although short heat waves can occur.
He arrived just two months after the Pacific Fur Company's ship, the "Tonquin".
Snowfall is relatively rare, occurring in only three-fifths of years.
It was the first publication to focus solely on role-playing games.
His military experience eventually inspired his novel "Days and Nights".
He wrote plays, novels, poetry, essays and speculative journalism.
He did not enjoy games or spectacles, although he liked to hunt.
Melisende was defeated in this struggle and Baldwin ruled alone thereafter.
Nevertheless, consanguinity was enough for the opposition.
Guy's opponents supported Conrad of Montferrat who married Sybilla's half-sister, Isabella in late November.
Guy settled in Cyprus in early May.
He summoned his vassals to an assembly.
Eutocius's commentary on Apollonius's "Conics" was dedicated to Anthemius.
Anthemius was a capable mathematician.
This work was later known to Arab mathematicians such as Alhazen.
He even advocated forgiving the earlier enemies of Valdemar, which helped stabilize Denmark internally.
Absalon was equally great as churchman, statesman and warrior.
Eventual violation of the law was specified as subject to a secular legal process.
However, the lower-class soldiers continued to think of Adhemar as a leader.
The county of Toulouse, since then, was joined to Alphonse's "appanage".
His main work was on his own estates.
Alphonse's death without heirs raised some questions as to the succession to his lands.
He was given the name "Jourdain" after being baptised in the Jordan River.
Bernard even went there to preach against the heresy, an early expression of Catharism.
Ambroise followed Richard the First as a noncombatant, and not improbably as a court-minstrel.
The Streamline style made it appear that the building itself was in motion.
Rapidly changing fashions in clothing brought new styles of jewelry.
Efforts are underway to bring the buildings back to their original color and appearance.
Such art can be loaded into screen memory directly.
The "oldskool" art looks more like the outlined drawings of shapes than real pictures.
American blends include "motel, guesstimate, infomercial" and "televangelist.
American English also favors the double quotation mark over single.
The tour returned to grand receptions in New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago.
With William Hulbert, Spalding organized the National League.
The Spaldings raised race horses and collected Chinese fine furniture and art.
This is negotiated before the game starts.
Position of the starting tiles determines order of play.
Chains are sets of edge-wise adjacent tiles.
A quarter of the convicts were Irish.
Preference for synonymous words also differs between states.
Australian print media, including digital media, today strongly favour "-our" endings.
The ceremony also honored the five victims whose remains were never found.
Firefighters from Fort Myer and Reagan National Airport arrived within minutes.
He felt the impact from the crash at his home near the Pentagon.
Ambushes have been used consistently throughout history, from ancient to modern warfare.
The Germanic victory caused a limit on Roman expansion in the West.
They are, however, subjects of considerable academic interest.
So far, all catalytic antibodies produced have displayed only modest, weak catalytic activity.
The antibodies are ineffective because of the virus' ability to change their coats rapidly.
An example of adaptive radiation would be the avian species of the Hawaiian honeycreepers.
Both empirical and theoretical approaches are helpful, though each has its disadvantages.
A classic example is the evolution of a fourth cusp in the mammalian tooth.
Samples are also easily recovered.
Higher concentration gel would have higher electroosmotic flow.
The degree and pattern of dominance varies among loci.
These chromosomes are referred to as homologous chromosomes.
Examples include red-green color blindness and fragile X syndrome.
Other conditions may develop up several weeks after treatment.
Ampicillin use can make oral contraceptives less effective.
Ampicillin is used to treat infections by many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
Serious complications such as temporary paralysis can also occur.
Overuse of antibiotics has become the primary cause of rising levels of antibiotic resistance.
Neoantigen identification was successful for multiple experimental model systems and human malignancies.
Cytotoxic T lymphocytes that recognize these antigens may be able to destroy tumor cells.
Allosomes, on the other hand, have different form and thereby determine sex.
Autosomal aneuploidy can also result in disease conditions.
These disorders manifest in and are passed on by either sex with equal frequency.
Rather, they were apostates.
The voltaic pile replaced the goblets with cardboard soaked in brine.
Volta carried out his experimental studies and produced his first inventions near Como.
Volta's remains were buried in Camnago Volta.
The genitive was "Argus Navis", abbreviated "Arg".
It was unwieldy due to its enormous size.
Four constellations are associated with the myth.
Its name means "pump" in Latin; it represents an air pump.
It is slightly variable.
The two stars will eventually merge to form a single fast-spinning star.
Seven star systems host planets.
However, depictions of Ara often vary in their details.
Throughout the state, guerrilla warfare ravaged the countryside and destroyed cities.
The southern lowlands include the Gulf Coastal Plain and the Arkansas Delta.
White rural interests continued to dominate the state's politics until the Civil Rights Movement.
The five brightest stars are all reddish in hue.
The separate components can be resolved with the naked eye.
The five brightest stars are all red-tinged, which is unusual among constellations.
An etymology for this name is presented by 'B.
Abadan today has been declared as a free zone city.
In this time period, it was a commercial source of salt and woven mats.
I hope this evil can be averted.
Fleming cautioned about the use of penicillin in his many speeches around the world.
Carnegie also held a strong opinion against inherited wealth.
Carnegie believed that the combined country's power would maintain world peace and disarmament.
The institution eventually loses its "original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism".
Similarly, languages often avoid configurations where a semivowel precedes its corresponding vowel.
Non-high semivowels also occur.
Voiceless approximants are rarely distinguished from voiceless fricatives.
There was also formerly a Royal Astronomer of Ireland.
These changes have certain limits - in both causal space and causal time.
This energy re-orders, or changes, the causal.
Growth of the industry in recent years raised a number of ecological questions.
These alliances can act as virtual mergers to get around government restrictions.
Following World War One, the United States found itself swamped with aviators.
In other words, a democratic party.
In particular, Chipp's former conservative affiliation was frequently recalled by opponents on the left.
This part of their plan never came to fruition.
The economic activity of the Australian Capital Territory is heavily concentrated around Canberra.
Alcohol may be metabolised more slowly if liver function is impaired.
The background score for the show was composed by Danny Lux.
Her song "Searchin' My Soul" became the show's theme song.
They also released a special complete series edition on the same day.
In it, the author informs a young pupil, Walter, of the pitfalls of love.
"De Amore" is made up of three books.
The meaning of "De Amore" has been debated over the centuries.
The two organizations share office space and employees.
They listed forty-four volunteer attorneys who assisted them in those cases.
David J. Miller was the first person prosecuted for burning his draft card.
Following a fierce backlash Adobe decided to provide the software patch.
The company was started in John Warnock's garage.
The service was later renamed to "Adobe Revel".
But the evidence in these areas is limited and more studies are needed.
The method is said by actors to reduce stage fright and to increase spontaneity.
He is regarded as the founder of the French school of legal humanists.
The measurement of apparent magnitudes or brightnesses of celestial objects is known as photometry.
Astronomers have developed other photometric zeropoint systems as alternatives to the Vega system.
Sometimes one might wish to add brightnesses.
The more luminous an object, the smaller the numerical value of its absolute magnitude.
The measurement of absolute magnitude is made with an instrument called a bolometer.
It is defined based on the luminosity of the stars.
Gus Grissom and Roger Chaffee were buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Atwood elected to fire Storms.
The Moon is seen in the distance, symbolic of the eventual program goal.
The fuel tanks weren't full.
The Earth is visible in the background.
Conrad later said he was never able to collect the money.
Television coverage of this mission was thus terminated almost immediately.
The Moon's gravity would then slingshot the stage into solar orbit.
Roosa, meanwhile, took pictures from on board Command Module "Kitty Hawk" in lunar orbit.
The astronauts also engaged in less serious activities on the Moon.
A gold band around the edge includes the mission and astronaut names.
All was well however, with only minor damage suffered.
He became quite adept at making geologic observations as objects passed below.
Although it could be driven by either astronaut, the Commander always drove.
The systems were found to be functioning as expected.
But not for long: inexorably, the subsatellite's orbit carried it back toward the Moon.
At the request of Young and Duke, the moonwalk was extended by ten minutes.
Three white stars above the red bars represent the three crewmen of the mission.
The background includes the Moon, the planet Saturn and a galaxy or nebula.
The crew completed this moonwalk after seven hours and thirty-seven minutes.
Most eighteenth-century Americans believed that nature, the entire universe, was God's creation.
Bailyn, on the other hand, denies that religion played such a critical role.
The new nation would be confined to the area east of the Appalachian Mountains.
Most of the rest of his time is spent directing.
Ayckbourn, however, continues to write and direct his own work at the theatre.
The show ran in The Stephen Joseph Theatre and received critical acclaim.
These stellar motions were unknown to ancient astronomers.
Such motions define the "high-proper-motion stars".
The Replay board is designed to implement many older computers and classic arcade machines.
It appears in two versions, initially a tower model and later a cube.
It had existed before the Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn, but had influenced them.
There are two genera included here.
Reproduction takes place by fission, with open mitosis.
This area he named Storm Bay.
The next day, an attempt was made to land in North Bay.
Equivalently, they are birationally equivalent if their function fields are isomorphic.
In the same period began the algebraization of the algebraic geometry through commutative algebra.
An Amtrak "Texas Eagle" station is located in west downtown.
The "Tribune" is "user-supported" through donations, a business model similar to public radio.
Arguments from morality tend to be based on moral normativity or moral order.
German philosopher Immanuel Kant devised an argument from morality based on practical reason.
Newman proposed that, to explain the conscience, God must exist.
Curators said that similar incidents happen once or twice a year.
Prisoner populations ranged from several dozen to several thousand.
Securing enough food for thousands of former prisoners was a constant challenge.
The word comes from the Latin "arcus".
The Navajo people have developed highly ornamented bracers as non-functional items of adornment.
A direct effect of these energy transfers can clearly be seen when dry firing.
His studies were interrupted by the Finnish Civil War, which he fought in.
Webster chose already-existing alternative spellings "on such grounds as simplicity, analogy or etymology".
The word "football" in BrE refers to Association football, also known as soccer.
Atomic semantics are very strong.
An atomic register provides strong guarantees even when there is concurrency and failures.
The phytoplankton takes carbon from the atmosphere during photosynthesis.
The current is strongly constrained by landform and bathymetric features.
Size and distribution of phytoplankton are also related to fronts.
Arbor Day in Samoa is celebrated on the first Friday in November.
The week was simultaneously celebrated in a number of states in the country.
All wrapped up in a fun party atmosphere, joy, music and renew.
Ayer responded to this in the essay Has Austin Refuted the Sense-data Theory?
We are both pre-eminent in our field.
Ayer and Tyson then began to talk, while Naomi Campbell slipped out.
While in Germany, Weil befriended Carl Ludwig Siegel.
Selberg had two children, Ingrid Selberg and Lars Selberg.
Ingrid Selberg is married to playwright Mustapha Matura.
Angered by his daughter's disobedience, Danaus orders her imprisonment and, possibly, her execution.
A number of these trilogies treated myths surrounding the Trojan War.
During Aeschylus's lifetime, dramatic competitions became part of the City Dionysia in the spring.
Prehistoric trade routes between Northern and Southern Europe were defined by the amber trade.
Crandall is operated by the Convention of Atlantic Baptist Churches.
Joseph Crandall, a pioneering Baptist minister in the maritime region.
The institution was the first, and thus far only, English university in Moncton.
Wiles attended King's College School, Cambridge, and The Leys School, Cambridge.
Wiles tried and failed for over a year to repair his proof.
The modularity theorem involved elliptic curves, which was also Wiles's own specialist area.
Emily's death deeply affected Anne, and her grief undermined her physical health.
It was, however, far too late.
The rest of her time was spent with the Robinsons at Thorp Green.
This work is an outpouring of thanksgiving and penitence.
The hermits did not believe so; the canons affirmed that they were.
Epistemological concerns shaped Augustine's intellectual development.
Training may also start at a very young age.
Bob Hoskins, for example, had no formal training before becoming an actor.
Lesbos tried to revolt first, and failed completely.
Pangaion threatened and defected from the League to Persia.
War with the Persians continued.
Horch was born in Winningen, Rhenish Prussia.
After receiving a degree in engineering, he worked in shipbuilding.
He was made an honorary professor at Braunschweig University of Technology.
The term "avionics" is a portmanteau of the words "aviation" and "electronics".
Modern avionics is a substantial portion of military aircraft spending.
In helicopters, auto-stabilization was used in a similar way.
Paul the Apostle later preached about Christianity there.
Helios discovered the two and alerted Hephaestus.
Ares was also worshipped by the inhabitants of Tylos.
Very few people visited him afterward.
Working on his own, he rediscovered the Lebesgue measure.
Many others were involved.
Towns Hospital after drinking four beers on the way-the last alcohol he ever drank.
Less than half were likely to recommend self-help groups to their clients.
It is something like that with alcoholism.
Conversely, if it is completely opaque, the blended color will be the foreground color.
This can be expressed as A over B.
The in operator is the alpha compositing equivalent of clipping.
Memory-wise, arrays are compact data structures with no per-element overhead.
They effectively exploit the addressing logic of computers.
Array accesses with statically predictable access patterns are a major source of data parallelism.
The original song was four verses long.
It was also frequently played at the start or end of official functions.
A parliamentary colleague, Peter Slipper, said that Australia should consider another anthem.
Many of the listed numbers no longer work.
The list is presented by area code, number and location.
In Canada, this behaviour has always been more difficult.
Vespucci was a cousin of the husband of Simonetta Vespucci.
Two letters attributed to Vespucci were published during his lifetime.
Not long after his return to Spain, Vespucci became a Spanish citizen.
Their only son, Lucian, was born that October.
Instead, Pauline ordered Canova to make the statue a nude Venus.
He led Antonio into the art of sculpting.
Widely praised, the works won Canova his first renown among the Venetian elite.
It was a pivotal time in his life.
Rodin said, It is Michelangelo who has freed me from academic sculpture.
He replaced its former president, James Abbott McNeill Whistler, upon Whistler's death.
Spring and autumn are transitional between the two.
It ranked safer than cities such as Royal Oak, Livonia, Canton and Clinton Township.
After her the crowns would descend only to her non-Roman Catholic heirs.
Some of those provisions have been altered by subsequent legislation.
But Saint Andrews' place in the line of succession was significantly lower than Phillips'.
Settlements do not always meet the hijackers' original demands.
The hijackers had weapons which they used to attack cabin crew and passengers.
Cockpit doors on most commercial aircraft have been strengthened and are now bullet resistant.
To the south of the entrance is the tiny Temple of Athena Nike.
The entrance, facing east, is lined with six Ionic columns.
Adam Weishaupt is briefly mentioned in Umberto Eco's novel "The Prague Cemetery".
He adopted the name of "Brother Spartacus" within the order.
These required their own power-supply.
The polyphony was achieved via fast note-switching to achieve the necessary chords.
This interface did not make it to market.
Vinge expands on Pham's backstory in "A Deepness in the Sky".
But even biological intelligence is affected to a lesser degree.
Before the mission is launched, the Blight attacks Relay and concurrently kills Old One.
Although his designs were rational, they were not based on particularly good science.
An early example appears in ancient Egyptian texts.
The balloon envelope was made of goldbeaters skin.
Consequently, their role in the history of film was exceedingly brief.
The debate therefore continues.
On a visit to Jerusalem he is set on by a Jewish mob.
There are also differences between Luke and Acts, amounting at times to outright contradiction.
The Assyrians also sided with the British during the Iraqi revolt against the British.
After his defeat he decided to siege the city.
He was passionately fond of hunting and was also a great builder.
In Russian it is only used as a female name.
Results of the study concluded significant increases in the participant's expressive language.
There are two types of strokes: ischemic stroke and hemorrhagic stroke.
Facial communication is a significant portion of how animals interact with each other.
In addition to these blood vessels, the aortic arch crosses the left main bronchus.
It runs through a common pericardial sheath with the pulmonary trunk.
The posterior aortic sinus does not give rise to a coronary artery.
He developed the talloc hierarchical memory allocator, originally as part of Samba.
Linux and open-source companies were quite a new concept at this stage.
Tridgell completed a PhD at the Computer Sciences Laboratory of the Australian National University.
These are two features that called machine-language routines stored in memory.
Many graphics programs thus contained their own bitmap character generator routines.
If they are given values outside that range, an error results.
Many gamebooks, board games and video games are based upon the "Asterix" series.
But Goscinny had a different picture in his mind.
"Pilote" was taken over by Georges Dargaud.
Following is a list of inductees and the dates that they were inducted.
The team thought the pink accents looked better with white uniforms than with red.
He forced the city to make a choice between the two leagues.
The following day, Mike Smith was fired after seven seasons as head coach.
Over this time, a heated rivalry has developed between the two cities' franchises.
Wotansvolk for example is an explicitly racial form.
However, in practice, there is no such neat division in terminology.
This concept is similar to quantum teleportation due to entanglement.
However, in reality, quark confinement prevents quarks from being separated by any observable distance.
Butler suggests that the incident was orchestrated by enemies of his family.
Later Bishop Dietmar of Prague ordained him a Roman Catholic priest.
He became an anchorite before being elected abbot of Bath Abbey.
The resulting structure is called a bialgebra.
This is vaguely related to the notion of coalgebra discussed above.
In particular, any commutative ring is an algebra over any of its subrings.
This contradicts the fact that they are disjoint sets.
They are fake natural numbers which are "larger" than any actual natural number.
It must be either "X" or "Y".
Several new features, including better scalability, enhanced clustering and management capabilities were added.
One of the more popular desktop applications was the PageMaker desktop publishing software.
Using Active Memory Expansion can improve system utilization and increase a system's throughput.
By that point, Apple was deep in their ultimately doomed Copland efforts.
Details of how this would work were sketchy.
It provided a datagram service with no guarantees of delivery.
One new feature it had was a numeric keypad.
These pulses can translate into "pixels" on the computer screen.
It had the internal code name of "Sara", named after Sander's daughter.
This upgrade had to be installed by an authorized service technician.
Other analyses blame a faulty automatic chip insertion process, not heat.
It was the first such data structure to be invented.
The Anglo-Irish satirist Jonathan Swift ridiculed the Whig political astrologer John Partridge.
The majority of professional astrologers rely on such systems.
Indian politics have also been influenced by astrology.
An example is the field of complex numbers.
A field with no nontrivial algebraic extensions is called algebraically closed.
All transcendental extensions are of infinite degree.
Connections were made when women in colleges started duplicating and sharing tapes.
I use the word 'folk' in reference to punk music and rap music.
It's subcorporate music that gives voice to different communities and their struggle against authority.
The Diamondbacks' original colors were purple, black, teal and copper.
Prior to their inaugural season, they released their baseball caps.
Sutton's father is Hall of Fame pitcher and current Atlanta Braves broadcaster Don Sutton.
Mathematical considerations, such as symmetry and complexity, are used for analysis in theoretical aesthetics.
This compression progress is proportional to the observer's internal reward, also called curiosity reward.
This suggests a male Semitic link to the Levant.
Moses instructed Bezalel and Oholiab to construct the Ark.
At Ashdod it was placed in the temple of Dagon.
Further south, the Saxon kings of Wessex withstood the Danish assaults.
The regions of East Anglia and Northumbria are still known by their original titles.
The ethnic names of Frisians and Warines are also attested in these Saxon districts.
About a thousand of such systems were sold for many hundreds of Dutch schools.
It also had a built in speaker which was compatible with such games software.
Three models were sold.
Animated television series are television programs produced by means of animation.
Major League Baseball quickly nixed the idea.
The Braves and the Chicago Cubs are the National League's two remaining charter franchises.
Player numbers appear on the back of the jersey with a nameplate above.
Other companies such as Spinnaker Software and Lifetree Software were more positive.
Indeed, the company's English advertising strapline of the era was "power without the price".
The case was a new design with an integrated hard-drive enclosure.
You ask yourself maybe we could have stopped it.
I breathe to perform, to entertain, I can't imagine myself doing anything else.
Personal armour is used to protect soldiers and war animals.
Medieval war wagons were horse-drawn wagons that were similarly armoured.
These contained guns or crossbowmen that could fire through gun-slits.
It was replaced by the more effective Sexton.
They use their tracks, sometimes with added propeller or water jets for propulsion.
Tanks were classified either by size or by role.
Drexler approached Hitler and thrust a booklet into his hand.
He joined the Fatherland Party during World War One.
The shrapnel tears open Leer's hip, causing him to bleed to death quickly.
It was well received by critics and listeners.
By now, the war is nearing its end and the German Army is retreating.
The network primarily owned by Radio One.
The public sector is also a critical source of decent-paying jobs for Black Americans.
The original Artistic License was written by Larry Wall.
The name of the license is a reference to the concept of artistic license.
In this case there is only a single negation.
Afrikaans has a considerably more regular morphology, grammar, and spelling.
Court has discretion as to whether to accept this type of plea.
The plea is commonly used in local and state courts in the United States.
More basically, they allow guilty defendants to avoid accepting responsibility for their wrongs.
Nonetheless, some versions of structuralism are compatible with some versions of realism.
This argument is developed by Jerrold Katz in his book "Realistic Rationalism".
The "epistemic argument" against Platonism has been made by Paul Benacerraf and Hartry Field.
Herbert Chapman won Arsenal's first national trophies, but died prematurely.
They also hold the record for the longest top flight win streak.
They became Tottenham Hotspur's nearest club, commencing the North London derby.
The American colonial diet varied depending on the settled region in which someone lived.
Salted or smoked pork often supplement the vegetable diet.
Crimes were committed by individuals within the different armed factions.
Now we have to leave.
Afghanistan is made up of different nationalities.
Spanish scientists have dismissed Freund's speculations, claiming that he sensationalised their work.
As a result, a portion of the population will mutate into fish-like creatures.
The spiritual autobiography works as an endorsement of his or her religion.
"Confessions" will always rank among the great masterpieces of western literature.
Among Arabs the practice of marrying of relatives is a common feature.
The Banu Hilal quickly defeated the Zirids and deeply weakened the neighboring Hammadids.
The word "armadillo" means "little armoured one" in Spanish.
Many species are endangered.
Some species, however, feed almost entirely on ants and termites.
Often the leaders of other nations are said to be controlled by Jews.
International outrage led to Ibrahim Pasha in Egypt ordering an investigation.
The government of Lebanon has not criticized continued broadcast of antisemitic material on television.
The Las Vegas Strip has many arcology features to protect people from the heat.
Whittier once boasted a second structure known as the Buckner Building.
This technique is very processor-intensive and hard to combine with any other processing.
They also found use on embedded systems.
Stereo output is provided through a headphones jack.
It was also quickly determined that Mohamed Atta was the pilot among the hijackers.
I had nothing to do with this.
Controversy over Omari's identity erupted shortly after the attacks.
The two worked on Tube Alloys, the British atomic bomb project.
They had two sons, Vilhelm and Tomas, and a daughter, Margrethe.
The concept of normality generalizes to orthogonality.
"Cartesian geometry", the alternative term used for analytic geometry, is named after Descartes.
These definitions are designed to be consistent with the underlying Euclidean geometry.
This is the only one compulsory for fonts and word-processing.
Specific ideas regarding how to portray angels began to develop in the early Church.
Other angels came to be conventionally depicted in long robes.
Court eunuchs could rise to positions of authority in the Empire.
The Arctic fox is the only land mammal native to Iceland.
The Arctic fox is losing ground to the larger red fox.
Occasionally, other family members may assist in raising their young.
Native American cultures are numerous and diverse.
I can lie but I won't.
Originally a marketing tool released prior to the game, they started getting feedback.
"Alpha Centauri" provides a single player mode and supports customization and multiplayer.
Vernor Vinge's concept of "technological singularity" is the origin of the Transcendence concept.
They use mostly improvised explosive devices, mortars, and automatic rifles.
The three countries also have signed another agreement on joint air patrols.
The following table lists the Eastern Armenian consonantal system.
Armenian is rich in combinations of consonants.
It is of interest to linguists for its distinctive phonological developments within that family.
Sound hybridisation or "morphing" has been implemented by additive resynthesis.
For example, a harmonic sound could be restructured to sound inharmonic, and vice versa.
The theory found an early application in prediction of tides.
Aircraft carriers are expensive to build and are critical assets.
Those that do usually operate only one or two aircraft carriers.
Carrier operations of other nations use similar color schemes.
In the coccidia, these are small, intracellular, and without epimerites or mucrons.
The fertilized macrogamete now becomes an ookinete, which penetrates the body of the vector.
Eventually, the cells burst, releasing merozoites, which infect new cells.
All of these cultures influenced the dishes of Argentina.
The British brought tea, starting the tradition of teatime.
Additionally, cakes, sponge cakes, and puddings are very popular dishes.
It constitutes an attack on the bias of a source.
Is that the sort of person you would want to vote for?
Time efficiency estimates depend on what we define to be a step.
The term "analysis of algorithms" was coined by Donald Knuth.
The program's run-time is directly proportional to its input size.
Highdown Hill is the traditional burial-place of the kings of Sussex.
The list consists of Bede's original seven, plus Egbert of Wessex.
And then the wheels came off that fall.
Warner also sold the fledgling Ataritel to Mitsubishi.
I say I quit.
The term "Afghani" refers to the unit of Afghan currency.
It is often improperly used for a person or thing related to Afghanistan.
The denomination maintains nine seats on the University's Board of Governors.
In addition, Acadia University received the Pioneer Award for Ubiquitous Computing.
All students are represented by the Acadia Students' Union.
Ovation also pioneered with electronics, such as pickup systems and electronic tuners.
Cedar is also common in the back and sides, as is basswood.
Acoustic guitars are commonly constructed in several different body types.
Initially he followed a military career, taking part in the Angevin-Neapolitan war.
Cossa died only a few months later.
Sigismund wanted to end the schism and urged John to call a general council.
The abbess tries to discourage her from working with the irreverent Beethoven.
When open, it ran for about between Columbia Street and Boerum Place.
How beautiful look earth and heaven again, as we emerge from the gloom!
As originally built, the cutting was wide and long.
August sees Mud Creek Days in Wolfville and the Annapolis Valley Exhibition in Lawrencetown.
It was the first regional library system in Nova Scotia.
Bridgetown's Cider Festival comes in mid-September.
Moderate use of alcohol can lessen certain types of pain in certain circumstances.
This led to the withdrawal of rofecoxib and valdecoxib, and warnings on others.
Paracetamol is generally safe at recommended doses.
Another example of this is in phytoplankton and zooplankton.
Both plants and animals have evolved mechanisms allowing them to survive extremes.
It is how plants work together.
In fewer cases, the root of the word is also affected.
It is also used with some prepositions.
The accusative is only marked for masculine articles, pronouns, adjectives, and weak nouns.
Succeeding judgements, however, have been more conflicting.
Iodine is used in the presence of a starch indicator.
A residential neighbourhood now occupies the area.
For the reserve squad of Ajax see: Jong Ajax.
Ajax Cape Town was set up with the help of Rob Moore.
This hiatus was brief.
He is famous for his work concerning the theory of relativity.
The prize won him a Fellowship of Trinity College, Cambridge.
The computer's color graphics capability especially impressed the magazine.
VisiCalc is credited as being the defining "killer app" in the microcomputer industry.
Koerner was born in Paris, to an Austrian Jewish father and a Greek mother.
Only two songs are in circulation from these recordings: "Steal Away" and "Operator".
He also used his gravelly voice to great effect as an advertising voice-over artist.
They were not intended to be deployed as tank substitutes or dedicated tank destroyers.
The latter two were very heavy vehicles, and were built only in small quantities.
Many are based on a tracked tank chassis, while others are wheeled.
Some gun-armed tank destroyers continue to be used.
Heavier vehicles are armed with autocannon or a small tank gun.
Further, when there is true combat they are easily outgunned and lightly armored.
The Italians used armored cars during the Italo-Turkish War.
They are often in dual or quadruple mounts, allowing a high rate of fire.
Germany followed later with their "Flakpanzer" series.
Other nations tended to work on truck chassis.
Sporting advanced to the final via the away goals rule.
A week later, John van den Brom was appointed manager.
The outermost layer of the adrenal cortex is the zona glomerulosa.
The adrenal cortex is the outermost layer of the adrenal gland.
In the zona fasciculata, cells are arranged in columns radially oriented towards the medulla.
American Media also owns Distribution Services, an in-store magazine merchandising company.
It exited in December.
In Syriac and some other variants this ending is diphthongized to "-ai".
East of the Jordan, the various dialects of East Jordanian were spoken.
Thus, the short close "e" corresponds with the open "e" in some dialects.
Paul summoned Titus from Crete to join him at Nicopolis in Epirus.
Saint Titus is the patron saint of the United States Army Chaplain Corps.
The feast day of Titus was not included in the Tridentine Calendar.
Synthesis of transuranics gradually undermined this point of view.
Like the lanthanides, the actinides form a family of elements with similar properties.
Miller is known for the consciousness of the characters in his play.
He became a wealthy and respected man in the community.
As a teenager, Miller delivered bread every morning before school to help the family.
Diabelli was born in Mattsee near Salzburg, then in the Archbishopric of Salzburg.
His pieces for piano four hands are popular.
Anita F. Hill became a proponent for women's rights and feminism.
The hearings were then reopened, and Hill was called to publicly testify.
Private companies also started training programs to deter sexual harassment.
A lossless compressed format stores data in less space without losing any information.
The original, uncompressed data can be recreated from the compressed version.
Most formats offer a range of degrees of compression, generally measured in bit rate.
Older buildings were repaired, and additional facilities were constructed as necessary.
Most of the Navy MiG kills were by Top Gun graduates.
They were arranged to simulate a Soviet-style air defense complex.
The energy contained in audio signals is typically measured in decibels.
This permits signal processing using digital circuits such as microprocessors and computers.
Amdahl's law applies only to the cases where the problem size is fixed.
Ayahuasca is known by many names throughout Northern South America and Brazil.
Speakers of Quechua languages or of the Aymara language may prefer the spelling "ayawaska".
Dietary taboos are often associated with the use of ayahuasca.
He was born in Santiago, Chile.
Leng was also an accomplished dentist in Santiago.
Leng was the nephew of composer Carmela Mackenna.
Glasses can then be categorised and selected according to their positions on the diagram.
These are applied to back-vowel and front-vowel words, respectively.
He argues that the Adamic language is of divine origin and therefore unchangeable.
Some Latter Day Saints believe it to be the language of God.
Also, simple music to be performed by amateurs is also acceptable.
For Jacob Schmidt, this means eating a lot.
The case was dismissed.
She was buried next to her son.
He was buried in Riverside Cemetery, Cleveland.
Most of the known functions of alkaloids are related to protection.
The role of alkaloids for living organisms that produce them is still unclear.
Plants are thoroughly ground before extraction.
His followers became known as Millerites.
It published the "Adventist Review, Kids Review, and Sabbath Herald".
Unique among the Adventists, they believed in an eternal hell and consciousness in death.
The current archbishop is Justin Welby.
Welby succeeded Rowan Williams.
Immediately below him is the Lord Chancellor and then the Archbishop of York.
Council members are elected to four-year terms, staggered every two years.
Peabody's family followed soon after.
The mayor presides over and is a voting member of the council.
There follows a penitential act, as at the beginning of Mass.
Therefore, God may or may not grant physical healing to the sick.
In case of emergency, a single anointing, not necessarily on the forehead, is sufficient.
Instead of storing values into variables, one passes them as arguments to functions.
Unlike the imperative operations, these functions have no side effects.
The imperative style is often used when describing abstract algorithms.
At the time it was the longest professional football championship game ever played.
Hunt also sought franchises in Los Angeles, Buffalo and New York City.
With no place for his team to play, Rhodes' effort came to nothing.
Along with Lazio and Juventus, Roma is one of only three quotated Italian clubs.
The team had posted three podiums and was operated by Alan Docking Racing.
Other important players during this period included Aldair, Cafu, Gabriel Batistuta, and Vincenzo Montella.
Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen.
In research, purified antibodies are used in many applications.
Antigens are also injected into chickens for generation of polyclonal antibodies in egg yolk.
He is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera.
He was the father of two other composers, Domenico Scarlatti and Pietro Filippo Scarlatti.
Production shifted to aircraft components during the war.
Another house guest was Walter Hayes, vice-president of Ford of Europe.
All machinery was sold to the Sopwith Aviation Company.
These relationships were to influence the course of his Civil War service.
He specialized in claims on behalf of Native Americans against the federal government.
He later became an independent warlord and leader of Afghanistan's Uzbek community.
Rama Rao became the chief minister of the state for the first time.
Forms such as the "Burra katha" and "Poli" are still performed today.
The state is also emerging in information technology and biotechnology.
The card may send many address phases, and the host processes them in order.
This avoids long delays, with the bus idle, during read operations.
There are also unkeyed "Universal" slots that will accept either type of card.
A flag on the tower signals whether the cabin's restaurant is open.
There were Civilian settlements adjacent along the south and the east.
His colleagues knew him to be a dedicated professor and cigar smoker.
He never recovered completely from this illness.
They also had powers to enforce public order.
Subsequently, they assumed responsibility for maintenance of the city's buildings as a whole.
Basic economy is located in main cabin, but comes with restrictions.
The second Admirals Club opened at Washington National Airport.
It is American's lowest main cabin fare.
However, the use of stimulants in cases of treatment-resistant depression is relatively controversial.
The change in response rate was largely driven by increase in placebo response.
Auger recombination is a similar Auger effect which occurs in semiconductors.
The reverse effect is known as impact ionization.
High-energy X-rays were applied to ionize gas particles and observe photoelectric electrons.
Morita was an advocate for all the products made by Sony.
Economic Relations Group, also known as the "Wise Men's Group".
He was also the third Japanese chairman of the Trilateral Commission.
An ideal diode allows current in one direction but not in the other.
For the ideal diode, it makes sense to always call that terminal the anode.
This process is widely used in metals refining.
Triple buffering reduces this latency significantly.
The resulting subcarrier sidebands is also known as "chroma" or "chrominance".
All-electronic systems became popular with households after the Second World War.
All of these can be used manually or automated as part of a machine.
Examples of thermosetting adhesives are: epoxy, polyurethane, cyanoacrylate and acrylic polymers.
Importantly, surface preparation provides a reproducible surface allowing consistent bonding results.
But I think the less one shows the better.
He would spend hours just looking at Bart and admiring him.
As it was I had to settle for being an actor.
He has five siblings.
The novel is about a teenage boy, Patrick Scully, and his friends.
His character juggled world-saving heroics with life in suburbia.
It also continued its successful concentration on proprietary bipolar chips.
Because of this, Zen is much more energy efficient.
By October of the same year it had sold one million units.
The sport also has a growing presence in India.
The scoreline is written with respect to the home side.
Australian football was now widely referred to as "the people's game".
Mr. Stone sold low-cost, low-benefit accident insurance, underwriting and issuing policies on-site.
Ryan focused on insurance brokering and added more upscale insurance products.
The acquisition offers companies a new way to address retiree medical insurance commitments.
Even in Vienna, the opportunities for the Vienna School of musicians was dwindling.
Critically, he is seen as having preserved the Viennese tradition in his music.
Settings of aphoristic poetic utterances, the songs are accompanied by a very large orchestra.
Great effort is being put in shrinking the analysis techniques to chip size.
Analytical chemistry has been an indispensable area in the development of nanotechnology.
Shot noise is white noise.
It contrasts with cantata, which is usually accompanied singing.
It was directed by Glenn Casale with original music and lyrics by Ben Schatz.
The use of instruments for Christian worship during this period is also undocumented.
Arrangements for small jazz combos are usually informal, minimal, and uncredited.
In modern arranging these instruments are considered part of the rhythm section.
More than one string orchestra can be utilized.
The creed has been used by Christian churches since the sixth century.
However, it is rarely recited in public worship.
It is still used in the liturgy on Trinity Sunday.
The cold drop means that September and October are the wettest months.
Alicante Tram connects the city with outlying settlements along Costa Blanca.
At one stage I nearly walked out.
Her nephew, Roger Widdecombe, is an Anglican priest.
Unfortunately this is not true.
She was his first wife and chief consort as well as his favourite.
The latter had formerly been a companion to Dara Shikoh.
Thus a line that is metrical in one tradition may be unmetrical in another.
The term "alexandrine" may be used with greater or lesser rigor.
A pivot on the rack let the slide's angle change freely.
In general, analog computers are limited by non-ideal effects.
In the history of electronic analog computers, there were some special high-speed types.
Techniques exist for improving seeing on the ground.
If the markings are round they are called mil-dots.
Coming from an artistic background, he was interested in art from an early age.
His paintings underwent a parallel procedure.
A head, became for me an object completely unknown and without dimensions.
Several anthems are included in the British coronation service.
The adjectival form is "anthemic".
Anthems were originally a form of liturgical music.
Altdorfer often distorts perspective to subtle effect.
Altdorfer was a significant printmaker, with numerous engravings and about ninety-three woodcuts.
Halfway up the tree trunk, hangs a gabled shrine.
From Odo, the Ascanians inherited large properties in the Saxon Eastern March.
However, he soon lost control of Saxony to the rival House of Guelph.
Later, the remaining state was split into Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg.
As speeds approach the speed of light, relativistic effects become increasingly large.
Passengers may experience deceleration as a force lifting them forwards.
Mathematically, there is no separate formula for deceleration: both are changes in velocity.
Collections care is an important element of museum policy.
Only a few dates and descriptions in Gettens' and Stout's book are now outdated.
This compendium is still cited regularly.
He sang at the Greek Orthodox monastery in Taganrog and in his father's choirs.
Nobel Prize-winning physicist Alfred Kastler served as the organization's first chairman.
This network increases the human and financial capacities and enables a specialization per headquarter.
Before the apoptotic cell is disposed of, there is a process of disassembly.
Caspases are proteins that are highly conserved, cysteine-dependent aspartate-specific proteases.
He shared the prize with Boston biologist H. Robert Horvitz.
The term of office is four years.
It is therefore the first capital of a unified Switzerland.
It is the second-largest town in Aargau after Wettingen.
It is one of the most densely populated regions of Switzerland.
During the Protestant Reformation, some of the municipalities converted to the new faith.
The administrative cities remained economically only of regional importance.
They call themselves sons of the Jinns.
They were constantly at war with the Romans, who eventually conquered them.
They are still great trade carriers, and visit very distant districts.
The American Quarter Horse has also been exported worldwide.
When matched against a Thoroughbred, local sprinters often won.
Large purses allow top competitors to earn over a million dollars in these events.
The leaf sheaths contain the valuable fiber.
They grow in succession.
They are oblong in shape with a deltoid base.
Everyone, including the angels, demons, and corporeal entities feared him.
By extension, it can mean an underworld abode of lost souls, or Gehenna.
Abbaton was promised that any who venerated him in life could be saved.
The temple site was on a low spur of the hill, below the town.
While this opinion has remained popular, other views have been expressed as well.
Now it is an important railway junction.
Abakan is the capital of the republic.
Beneath its vault lies the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier from World War One.
It remained there only four years before falling in ruins.
The smaller transverse vaults are high and wide.
For many years, the source of amazonite's color was a mystery.
It is also found in pegmatite in Madagascar and in Brazil.
They sometimes included symbolic and religious meanings.
That piece is now in the collection in Stockholm.
Steiner designed around thirteen buildings in an organic-expressionist architectural style.
Anthroposophy has also been termed the most important esoteric society in European history.
For example, the names Ursenbach and Aurach am Hongar are derived from the aurochs.
The horns of the aurochs were characteristic in size, curvature, and orientation.
Whether these separate genetic populations would have equated to separate subspecies is unclear.
Andy Hopper from Cambridge University Computer Laboratory also worked in this area.
Under normal queuing conditions the cells might experience maximum queuing delays.
The axopods are fixed in number.
Adults are usually multinucleated.
Its leader Jacob Zuma is the incumbent head of state.
Black workers were told to wash before they interacted with guests.
The minister apologised, and no further action was taken against her.
Amphetamine modulates the activity of most psychoactive drugs.
Activation of increases production via adenylyl cyclase activation and inhibits monoamine transporter function.
A variable length space can be inserted between the code words.
An asynchronous communication service or application does not require a constant bit rate.
A key difference is whether supply is 'push' or 'pull'.
Some armies defined these categories by bands of calibers.
Bombards were of value mainly in sieges.
However, Bavaria was more or less ruled by Arnulf.
Pope initially gave his support to Arnulf, but eventually became a supporter of Lambert.
They defeated Guy, but were bought off and left in autumn.
The surrounding buildings now house chain stores, fast-food restaurants, and fashion discounters.
China expresses its strong dissatisfaction over this...
At the time, Asia was one of the poorest regions in the world.
He threatened to personally travel to every Asian capital and scuttle the project.
Navigation to the delta was possible from this location without encountering a barrier.
Swenett was equally important as a military station as a place of traffic.
Aswan and Luxor have the hottest summer days of any city in Egypt.
According to Adelaide's contemporary biographer, Odilo of Cluny, she managed to escape from captivity.
Adelaide remained in Rome for six years while Otto ruled his kingdom from Italy.
Some of her relics are preserved in a shrine in Hanover.
As a result, they lost passengers to airlines operating more frequent narrow body flights.
The supposed widebody comfort which it was assumed passengers would demand was illusory.
The first production version.
He was the brother of the more famous Annibale and cousin of Lodovico Carracci.
The academy helped propel painters of the School of Bologna to prominence.
He also produced some original prints, including two etchings.
The first class of adenylyl cyclases occur in many bacteria including "E. coli".
Thus it may be roughly translated as "defender of man" or "protector of man".
They are one of the most popular Italian hip hop groups.
The same year he entered Saint Petersburg University, where he studied history and philology.
Kerensky returned to the United States, where he spent the rest of his life.
His speeches were impressive and convincing for the moment, but had little lasting effect.
Ansgar was the son of a noble Frankish family, born near Amiens.
Through all this political turmoil, Ansgar continued his mission to the northern lands.
Robinson's resolution Principle.
Kearns of the University of Bristol.
The students are all disabled, retarded and of different ages.
The affected residents are living in substandard conditions with many genetic diseases.
The system is so named due to its use in astronomy.
He lived and worked in the second half of the eleventh century.
Little is known of his life other than hints from his own chronicles.
It is probable that he was taught at the "Magdeburger Domschule".
Herod the Great or Quirinius.
Coins from his reign commemorate the celebrations.
The houses built by the Perano family are now operated as tourist accommodations.
No bodies were ever found.
The ferry immediately stopped to dispatch a rescue lifeboat.
Civil law countries often have specialized courts, administrative courts, that review these decisions.
Consequently, administrative law is a significant component of the discipline of agricultural law.
There is a statue of him in the Botanic Gardens, Sydney.
The marines, poorly disciplined themselves in many cases, were not interested in convict discipline.
He is also prominent in "Banished" and is played by David Wenham.
Scottish English is now increasingly replacing Scots.
The council's civic head is the Provost of Angus.
Angus is marketed as the birthplace of Scotland.
He was in Davey Boy Smith's corner as the Bulldog faced Earthquake.
This makes it the smallest of the four inner moons.
Adrastea is the smallest and second-closest member of the inner Jovian satellite family.
Inclination is relative to the equator of Jupiter.
This project is part of the Apache Software Foundation.
It supports password authentication and digital certificate authentication.
The Abbey's monks were allowed to run a market and build a harbour.
It is flanked by twin towers decorated with blind arcading.
Many accounting practices have been simplified with the help of accounting computer-based software.
The terms "accounting" and "financial reporting" are often used as synonyms.
Accountancy refers to the occupation or profession of an accountant, particularly in British English.
The Australian bulldog ants are among the biggest and most basal of ants.
They belong to the sub-order Isoptera within the order Blattodea.
These food storage workers are called "repletes".
During the Industrial Revolution, large corporations became increasingly opposed to this policy.
Arbitration was promoted as being faster, less adversarial, and cheaper.
The process operates under its own rules.
Proponents of inquisitorial justice dispute these points.
All evidence must be relevant and not hearsay evidence.
This obviously limits the usefulness of silence as a tactic by the defense.
The town's hot springs and mud baths are the main economic resource.
Noteworthy is the four cloister complex.
It was used by an ancient noble family of Florence.
The trees are usually interlaced or tied with wire.
Abatis are used alone or in combination with wire entanglements and other obstacles.
An alternative is to place explosives so as to blow the trees down.
His father, Michel Abbadie, was born in Arrast-Larrebieu and his mother was Irish.
His grandfather Jean-Pierre was an abbot and a notary in Soule.
There he published his correspondence with Ben Adret and his colleagues.
This did not prevent his progeny, however, from exercising their rights.
Tabriz also saw a gunpowder factory and a munitions depot.
He also lost enthusiasm for any more military reform.
He was a translator of the King James Version.
His tomb can be seen in Holy Trinity Church.
When the term is used in this way, the severity of its implication varies.
Advertisement-funded software is also one of the business models for open-source software.
The precise definition of the term in this context also varies.
It quickly recovered, new fortifications were erected, and it became a "municipium".
This led through Lacus Ampsanctus to Aquilonia and Venusia.
Excavation has revealed a long history of pre-Roman settlement.
He quickly became his best pupil and the two became friends.
They are installed in public buildings like the Triumphal arch, City gate, or Thermes.
The upper Loire formed their western border, separating them from the Bituriges.
There are also two minor islands, Formica and Maraone, lying between Levanzo and Sicily.
Winter frost is unknown and rainfall is low.
Prehistoric research had now begun to extend beyond the Greek mainland.
Regarding the Cyrenaica, we are still insufficiently informed.
Minos was angry and declared war on Athens.
This continued until Theseus killed the Minotaur with the help of Ariadne, Minos' daughter.
Young, brave and ambitious, Theseus decided to go to Athens by land.
Portes is a fishing village on the east coast.
In some pottery it appears as a tasselled cover over Athena's dress.
In this context, Graves identifies the aegis as clearly belonging first to Athena.
In revenge, Atreus killed Thyestes' sons and served them to him unknowingly.
In addition, Thyestes had an affair with Atreus' wife, Aerope.
The couple killed Agamemnon on his return.
This is possibly the first European record of Halley's comet.
Tetrapylones were constructed at the other junctions between the main roads.
Macedonian, drill and tactics as practiced by the Hellenistic successors of Alexander the Great.
The letter is influential in supporting the thesis of the early-modern Military Revolution.
The gelling and melting temperatures vary depending on the type of agarose.
Obviously, a high-resolution monochromator is required for this technique, as will be discussed later.
Hydride generation techniques are specialized in solutions of specific elements.
He personally led a punitive expedition involving two Regular Army regiments and some militia.
His wife Phoebe died shortly after and is buried beside him.
He was the largest landowner in Western Pennsylvania.
The death of a rich uncle relieved the family's poverty.
The hill was planted with vines.
These tanks have been named as Ganga and Yamuna.
The rock is layered horizontally, and somewhat variable in quality.
Nareli Jain Temple: It is a beautiful Jain temple.
The Aravalli Range is the distinguishing feature of the district.
These castes continue to have influence on the politics of the region.
Annuities are also subject to the same rule as general legacies.
A demonstrative devise, is money given from a particular account.
If welcomed, affectionate behavior may be associated with various health benefits.
It also has a different physical effect on the giver and the receiver.
Affection can be communicated by words, gestures, or touches.
There is no such special legislation with regard to sailors in the Royal Navy.
Affray is now a statutory offence that is triable either way.
Administration of the province was assigned to the Northern Bureau in Kabul.
Every year, a sour cherry festival takes place in the Cay district.
In the Babylonian schools, Rav was rightly referred to as our great master.
As a haggadist, Rav is surpassed by none of the Babylonian "Amoraim".
As for himself, he was very strict in the observance of the laws.
He also assigned to them certain remunerations.
They followed immediately after the twelve voting members of the Signature "in capella".
He also wrote detailed descriptions on ancient Egyptian monuments.
He died in Baghdad two years later.
Thereafter he constructed a fleet and naval arsenal at Seville to repel future raids.
Both were the mere puppets of factions, who deserted them at once.
Ill feeling mounted against Russia for its encouragement of the rebellions.
It was situated on a hill above the modern Adra.
The site now lies in the Xanthi regional unit of Thrace, Greece.
The seat of the municipality is the town Genisea.
The historical founding is traced back to a colony from Klazomenai.
Both Apollos and Barnabas were Jewish Christians with sufficient intellectual authority.
There is no indication that Apollos favored or approved an overestimation of his person.
Brand names include Alu-Cap, Aludrox, Gaviscon, and Pepsamar.
Long-term use of versions with aluminium may increase the risk for getting osteoporosis.
Under the generic name algeldrate, aluminium hydroxide is used as an antacid.
He will be nine years in the kingdom.
He will be but a short time over Scotland.
Alas for Scotland thenceforward.
He also outlined a reform policy, supervised the government closely, and worked with statesmen.
He enumerated the Janissary corps and tried to renovate it, and also the navy.
At first, the new Amir was quietly recognized.
His interest lay in keeping powerful neighbours, whether friends or foes, outside his kingdom.
Afghan society has mixed feelings about his rule.
Little is known of the family with certainty.
It is represented by Stephen Kinnock of the Labour Party.
The former urban district corresponds to the three communities of Abercarn, Crumlin and Newbridge.
Griffiths meanwhile, was made vicar of Merthyr in order to escape local anger.
However, regular church services still take place.
There were also several brickworks and breweries.
It is this apparently anomalous motion that so mystified early astronomers.
The Sun and Solar System are revolving around the center of the Galaxy.
The theory of special relativity is required to correctly account for aberration.
In most cases the surface is concave towards the system.
Songs kind of slip in and move you before you realize it.
The album was titled "In Motion: The Remixes".
The album did not have the success of her previous pop or gospel efforts.
The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration maintains a National Weather Service office in Aberdeen.
Starling and Paul Ware.
Aberdeen Public Schools are part of the Aberdeen School District.
It also received a Gold Award in Beautiful Fife and Beautiful Scotland.
The festival hosts a number of children's, cultural and local events.
Some people have tried this and afterwards claim to have seen apparitions.
Some accounts claim that he simply vanished, however he suddenly collapsed.
The poem described the beauty of Loch Katrine.
Some Fridays - auction sale of cattle.
The arrangement lasted approximately two weeks.
It comprises a small village school and a number of houses.
Nevertheless, there are facts that you can use to outline important events.
The resultant landscape painting now hangs in the Museum of Wales in Cardiff.
Many local people commute outside the area to work.
More recently, an abettor is generally known as an accomplice.
A co-heir may petition the Crown for a termination of the abeyance.
It is entirely possible for a peerage to remain in abeyance for centuries.
It is no longer straightforward to claim English peerages after long abeyances.
It was in fact Celsius who proposed the new academy's name.
However, he wrongly posed the notion that the water was evaporating.
Carolla is a part owner of Amalfi, an Italian restaurant in Los Angeles.
Carolla has occasionally made generalizations about various groups, leading to criticism.
They feel it.
In some fields, the term is used interchangeably with autocovariance.
It has no specific meaning.
The asterisk denotes complex conjugate.
It featured explicitly typed variables, subroutines, and functions.
The aforementioned underlining of keywords could also be done using overstriking.
The language is described in detail in the Atlas Autocode Reference Manual.
Audio data is encoded in the format identified by the file header.
All fields are stored in big-endian format, including the sample data.
The audio data segment begins on an eight-byte boundary immediately following the annotation field.
Different newspapers are published for each Andalusian provincial capital, comarca, or important city.
Cajasur is also one of the league's leading teams.
Of Andalusia's production, roughly half comes from the province of Huelva.
Zadok now became sole high priest.
Meanwhile, Zadok, of the house of Eleazar, had been made High Priest.
Abiathar is said to have been the first person Saint Nino converted to Christianity.
Abigail is described as intelligent and beautiful.
David led the pursuit and they were subsequently rescued.
Adele Berlin contrasts the story of Abigail with that of Bathsheba.
Hundreds of people continued to live in tents long after the earthquake.
The unicameral Azad Kashmir Legislative Assembly elects both the Prime Minister and President.
Formerly, traditional ship building was important.
The modern neighbourhoods around the location of the gates are called Mithadar and Kharadar.
The main industries here are fishing and traditional textile manufacturing.
The stability when dissolved in water depends markedly on pH.
The safety of aspartame has been studied since its discovery.
Over the next several years, no compatible versions for the Mac were released.
The main difference is the user interface and layout of the program.
Objects created in the Student Version cannot be used for commercial use.
A group code's value indicates what type of data element follows.
Many fungi and plants reproduce asexually.
Exceptions are animals and some protists, who undergo "meiosis" immediately followed by fertilization.
Agamogenesis is any form of reproduction that does not involve a male gamete.
This made it quite difficult to tell whose paintings where whose.
It is around this same time that Cuyp's style changed fundamentally.
The year after his marriage Cuyp became the deacon of the reformed church.
Reduction of the alkyne by sodium metal in liquid ammonia gives the "trans"-alkene.
Alkenes are ligands in transition metal alkene complexes.
Most reactions of alkenes involve additions to this pi bond, forming new single bonds.
The molecule can thus be thought of as a two-bladed propeller.
For the bottom, only the group of higher priority need be considered.
The symmetry and isomerism of allenes has long fascinated organic chemists.
Like other hydrocarbons, alkynes are generally hydrophobic but tend to be more reactive.
Examples include ethyne or octyne.
Other reactions are listed below.
AbiWord is part of the AbiSource project which develops a number of office-related technologies.
The interface is intended to follow user interface guidelines for each respective platform.
Plug-in filters are available to deal with many other formats, notably WordPerfect documents.
However, false-positives and false-negatives are known.
Several commercial kits are available.
Subsequent investigation showed rapid conversion occurs during its passage through the pulmonary circulation.
Captopril has a shorter duration of action and an increased incidence of adverse effects.
Some patients develop angioedema due to increased bradykinin levels.
Therefore, the net effect is the interplay of direct and reflex actions.
They are contraindicated in variant angina and can precipitate heart failure.
Nifedipine is more a potent vasodilator and more effective in angina.
Its codes are organised into four levels.
Because of this limit, the technology normally appears as an internal computer storage interface.
This distinction is necessary to allow both drives to share the cable without conflict.
The disk lock is a built-in security feature in the disk.
Once that was completed and debugged, the system was ready for shipping.
Other than this, these four-switch consoles looked nearly identical to the earlier six-switch models.
Various third-party replacement joysticks were also released, including those made by Wico.
This simple design gave smooth linear control and was highly reliable.
The controllers did, however, include a pause button, a unique feature at the time.
All projects were halted during an initial evaluation period.
The Joypad was not available in the United States.
It was very different from other second and third generation consoles.
These are audio, video, and communications.
The game cartridge molds were reused to create an optional memory expansion card.
The Lynx system was originally developed by Epyx as the Handy Game.
Although sales improved, Nintendo still dominated the handheld market.
Facing financial difficulties, Epyx sought out partners.
In their view, injury caused by carelessness is like injury caused by deliberate action.
It occurs several times in the "Shatapatha Brahmana" in the sense of "non-injury".
Its rise, in turn, stimulated American mathematics.
During this time, it became an increasingly well-known and respected journal.
He was forcibly hospitalized and force-fed.
He again was taken to a hospital and force-fed.
There are also several less ambitious ground-based efforts underway.
The result was inconclusive, and is still disputed by some scientists.
This is significant, as red dwarfs are extremely common.
The Canadian Forces Snowbirds will headline many airshows in Canada and the United States.
The Middle East, Australia and New Zealand hold their events between January and March.
In addition to the weather, pilots and organizers must also consider local airspace restrictions.
Life appears to have adapted to the universe, and not vice versa.
However, building a substantive argument based on a tautological foundation is problematic.
Dozens of Australian Army Reserve depots are located across Australia.
It includes all of Army's special forces assets.
For officers the ranks are identical except for the shoulder title "Australia".
Registration services pertain to the technical coordination and inventory management of Internet number resources.
The BoT ratifies proposals generated from the membership and submitted through the Advisory Council.
Executive decisions are carried out following approval by the BoT.
Seven died and ten were injured.
Additional improvements came with subsequent versions of Windows Server.
However, forest trusts are "not" transitive between forests.
She was accompanied by court musicians wherever she went.
Gediminas had just undertaken an unsuccessful attempt to Christianize Lithuania.
Aldona was remembered for her piety and devotion to music.
He was also a leading exponent of the fianchetto development of bishops.
He is buried in Bispebjerg Cemetery in Copenhagen.
The language received several linguistic rights, including its use in public administration.
Aragonese became a popular village language.
Neighboring Romance languages have influenced Aragonese.
Mitchell oversaw the development and marketing of the first pager to use transistors.
Though the service is no longer offered, these laws remain in force.
This allowed a larger number of phones to be supported over a geographical area.
Flow that is not turbulent is called laminar flow.
Flows for which viscosity is not neglected are called viscous flows.
He probably did spend several years abroad as Journeyman.
His sculpted decorations are a masterpiece of baroque expression and pathos.
This way he became an important figure of Petrine Baroque.
Specifically, it refers to all non-aqueous, non-gaseous residues that remain after something is burned.
This is another formulation of the fundamental theorem of calculus.
Finding antiderivatives of elementary functions is often considerably harder than finding their derivatives.
"C" is called the constant of integration.
Variants of the song exist to accommodate the "zed" pronunciation.
A newer example of this is from the musical "Matilda".
"School Song" is an acrostic that spells out the alphabet phonetically.
The term comes from the Latin "abjurare", "to forswear".
Abjuration of the realm was a type of abjuration in ancient English law.
It was superseded by the oath of allegiance.
The problem undermining society in her view is feminized men.
The work also provoked outright hostility.
Snuppy, nonetheless, was a genuine clone, and thus the first cloned dog in history.
That win also marked the most recent win at Westminster for breeder-owner-handler, Chris Terrell.
Unassisted birth of healthy puppies is normal.
Wobbler disease, or cervical vertebral instability, does rarely occur.
Acrylic paints are water-soluble, but become water-resistant when dry.
Oil paint has a higher pigment load than acrylic paint.
Matting agents can also be added during manufacture to dull the finish.
It is a measure of rotational inertia.
Like linear momentum it involves elements of mass and displacement.
It reaches a minimum when the axis passes through the center of mass.
This led to the development of the Rutherford model of the atom.
At the time, atoms were known to be neutrally charged.
The word "atom" comes from the Ancient Greek adjective "atomos", meaning "indivisible".
He named such particles protons.
She is the first recipient in American history to receive the prize while imprisoned.
She speaks four languages: Burmese, English, French and Japanese.
He offers his views as to Judaism being a pattern for life.
His mentor in Berlin was David Koigen.
He believed that no religious community could claim a monopoly on religious truth.
Information about its origins and patron are circumstantial.
It is constituted by the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the member countries.
The configuration of the landing gear can be distinctive, as well.
The Bensenville program was modeled on similar programs in Toronto, Ottawa and Minneapolis.
At their appeal a year later all were acquitted.
Thomas J. Barratt from London has been called "the father of modern advertising".
Advertising may be local, national or global.
The signifier is the color, brand name, logo design, and technology.
They can recognize unusual situations and adjust accordingly.
Computational complexity theory deals with the relative computational difficulty of computable functions.
This is formalised by a human-assisted Turing machine.
Some comets are predictable, most famously Halley's Comet.
However, its travel between lunistices is considerably faster.
The world in which these adventures take place is heavily influenced by Slavic mythology.
His books have been translated so far into nineteen languages.
He started his literary career as a translator, in particular, of science fiction.
Early ammeters were laboratory instruments which relied on the Earth's magnetic field for operation.
The resistances of shunts is in the integer to fractional milliohm range.
This allows the meter to measure large currents.
At higher dosage hypnotic properties occur.
Pregabalin also exhibits a lower potential for abuse and dependence than benzodiazepines.
There is, however, a greater risk of side effects with their use.
Evidence that early treatment has a favorable effect on long term outcomes is equivocal.
Clinically used antipsychotic medications are listed below by drug group.
His sphere of work connects him with no specific unit.
He began his career fighting the revolutionary armies of France.
At the end of the campaign the archduke gave up all his military offices.
They sent Augustine back to Rome to request papal permission to return.
Little literary traces remain of them, however.
It is not clear when and where Augustine was consecrated as a bishop.
In the "Glossa", he openly suggests the idea of the multiplicity of divine ideas.
His doctrinal positions became the starting point for the Franciscan school of theology.
Alexander's "Quodlibetal questions" also remain unedited.
Stores global variables.
Stores variables accessible only to a single visitor.
Allows the management of errors.
It is the first line treatment for middle ear infections.
Amoxicillin is available as a generic medication.
In some older books, the term has been used synonymously with glass.
The setting of Earthsea is preindustrial, and has many cultures within the widespread archipelago.
Multiple audio versions of the book have been released.
These guitars are also available through Gibson, in a viceroy Brown or Crimson colour.
He plays on the track "Sacred and Mundane".
Their second son, Adrian, was born two years later.
It is now an open source project hosted by Tigris dot org.
Windows archivers perform both archiving and compression.
They also offer an optional command-line interface, while Windows itself does not.
The bridles of her chariot were also made of gold.
Artemis was born on the sixth day, which made it sacred for her.
They were held in a number of places in Germany.
The song repeats the phrase cynically as a "lesson" taught by Dachau.
It is especially socially stigmatised in many African societies.
As there is no cure for albinism, it is managed through lifestyle adjustments.
The term is from the Latin "albus", "white".
Diab is an active fitness enthusiast.
Diab is well known for his intense body building.
It also starred Madiha Kamel.
Like in France, immigrants from these countries started to study and live in Belgium.
Also Mc Battles are having a large amount of popularity.
Nin referred to her simultaneous marriages as her "bicoastal trapeze".
However the service is still active and help support is still provided.
The profile of the user has no privacy.
Its properties come solely from the power of unlimited recursion.
We place the natural numbers along the top row.
Albanians are active in the civic life of Turkey.
One of these is located in Turkey.
Albanian folk music displays a variety of influences.
It is a not-for-profit professional membership group.
Its headquarters are in New York City.
The groups also publish a large number of specialized journals, magazines, and newsletters.
These baptisms were the first "re-baptisms" known in the movement.
Melchior Hoffman is credited with the introduction of Anabaptist ideas into the Low Countries.
The region is noted for its scenery and mild rainy climate.
This region is also home to the easternmost town in Alaska, Hyder.
The most common tree species are sitka spruce and western hemlock.
Interior Alaska experiences extreme seasonal temperature variability.
Mountains include Denali in the Alaska Range, the Wrangell Mountains, and the Ray Mountains.
Summers can be warm and dry for extended periods creating ideal fire weather conditions.
Blake's poem asks four questions rather than asserting the historical truth of Christ's visit.
Consequently, only its most notable performances are listed below.
It appears as a headline, title or sub-title in numerous articles and books.
Fredrik answers honestly that he loves Desiree, but only as a dream.
Charlotte visits Anne, who is talking with Petra.
The film marked Broadway director Hal Prince's second time as a motion picture director.
It is not a common combat practice.
The term itself is often invoked in the context of games.
Sharon observed that an "unfettered anti-Semitism" reigned in France.
Ariel was born two years later.
Israel has a clear policy.
People may or may not engage in purely emotional romantic relationships.
Both live in undisturbed rainforest, and are essentially miniature water buffalo.
One young is born per year.
In habits, the animal appears to resemble the Indian buffalo.
He devised new calculation methods for certain forms of tables.
He was an associate of the British Institution of Electrical Engineers.
The performers yell rather than talk and run rather than walk.
He tells Cora that he is expecting a new assistant who might help them.
No producer yet.
This has since been rescinded.
Brands of coolers are numerous and their alcoholic base vary greatly.
They are only sold at liquor stores.
These soils can occur naturally, due to the presence of alkali salts.
There are various more specific definitions for the concept of an alkali.
Alkalis are usually defined as a subset of the bases.
Chronicling America: Historic American Newspapers.
The book is commonly used in gender studies, Black studies, and philosophy courses.
Sojourner's Speech, Transcribed by Marius Robinson; Anti-slavery bugle.
The language was mildly successful within the Amiga community.
Its ease of use made it especially attractive to beginners.
Despite this, a small community of enthusiasts are still using it.
Arcadia Corporation then changed its name to Starpath.
The direction pads have a removable joystick attachment.
Early marketing showed popular arcade games, but they were later released as clones.
All nonprismatic Wythoff constructions by Coxeter groups are given below, along with their alternations.
The "alternate cubic" names given are based on this ordering.
Bhutto's assassination drew unanimous condemnation from the international community.
One of the earliest forms of defense against assassins was employing bodyguards.
Georgi Markov, a Bulgarian dissident was assassinated by ricin poisoning.
Both questionnaires and certain blood tests may detect people with possible alcoholism.
Risky situations include drinking and driving or having unsafe sex among others.
Alcoholics may also require treatment for other psychotropic drug addictions and drug dependences.
It has also recently become popular in formal logic under predicate abstraction.
The opposite of abstraction is concretism.
Material point is the ultimate and common feature of all bodies.
A direct sum of finite cyclic groups is periodic.
These theorems were later subsumed in the Kulikov criterion.
Any group of prime order is isomorphic to a cyclic group and therefore abelian.
This led to the eventual creation of the American Missile Defense Agency.
The project was a blow to Yuri Andropov's so-called "peace offensive".
Engaging in this is not just irresponsible.
The result was that the officers lived well, as the civilians began to starve.
The armed forces suffered particularly from overlap.
It is found on Abraxas stones, which were worn as amulets.
Subsequently, its use spread beyond the Gnostics.
The Puritan minister Increase Mather dismissed the word as bereft of power.
Even more direct bribery was also said to be a factor.
However, Hamilton was actually on the side of the English Government.
Each side had its own particular concerns.
The Board of Admiralty consisted of a number of Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.
The Ripley Building is currently occupied by the Department for International Development.
It lacks its own entrance from Whitehall and is entered through the Ripley Building.
The stump will remain an area of reduced mechanical stability.
Given different clinical and situational factors, they can predict the likelihood of amputation.
They can reduce the quality of life for patients in addition to being expensive.
Plate anemometers have been used to trigger high wind alarms on bridges.
Air flowing past the wire cools the wire.
Hence, volumetric flowrate may be calculated if the cross-sectional area is known.
Most of these eleven fossils include impressions of feathers.
He also had the good fortune to be based in New York City.
It was Laurents' first professional credit.
While on board, he received a cable from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer offering him a screenwriting assignment.
The film has not been conventionally released.
Lamo's role in the Manning case drew criticism from Glenn Greenwald of "Salon Magazine".
Currently, the senior Associate Justice is Anthony Kennedy.
Otherwise, the senior justice in the majority assigns the writing of a decision.
Furthermore, the Chief Justice leads the discussion of the case among the justices.
Lerner was hospitalized with bleeding ulcers while Loewe continued to have heart troubles.
After he's written the melody, then I write the lyrics.
If there was realism in the theater, there would never be a third act.
Although no sexual act was alleged to have resulted, the original charge included sodomy.
He also satirized student political groups.
Capp became a popular public speaker on college campuses, where he reportedly relished hecklers.
Both records have a projected shelf life of one billion years.
Druyan is involved in multiple Breakthrough Initiatives.
Analcime consists of hydrated sodium aluminium silicate in cubic crystalline form.
It also occurs as cavity and vesicle fillings associated with prehnite, calcite, and zeolites.
Analcime occurs as a primary mineral in analcime basalt and other alkaline igneous rocks.
As a child, he was a fan of puzzles and played with pentomino toys.
In creating "Tetris," he drew inspiration from these toys.
Many were educated to prepare themselves for life in the royal court.
As he grew he was educated by his mother, and uncle.
He was later released and died a confessor.
Ambrose is venerated as a saint by some branches of Christianity.
Microbial fuel cells finally allow the generation of electricity from biomass.
Auxiliary generators are usually run from propane, natural gas, or sometimes diesel.
Berms are placed on exposed surfaces to further increase the house's temperature stability.
In the Osiris myth, Anubis helped Isis to embalm Osiris.
In the Old Kingdom, Anubis was the most important god of the dead.
"Anubis" is a Greek rendering of this god's Egyptian name.
According to Gould, Jensen uses heritability to measure differences "between" populations.
The results led him to distinguish between two separate types of learning ability.
Eventually, Zero Mostel was cast.
From that point on, the show was a success.
Finally, the Captain's troops are able to round everyone up.
They caught Puffins, Lunda Cirrhata, Fratercula Corniculata, Guillemots, and Cephus and Murres.
Jewelry is made with designs specific to the region of each people.
Archeologists and anthropologists have not found much evidence related to burial rituals.
The Institute determined which land contained resources such as minerals and coal.
This innovative approach to native settlements engaged the tribes in corporate capitalism.
One native described it as a social and political experiment.
Another leading advocate of this Christology was Felix of Urgel.
Apollinarism and Eutychianism were two forms of monophysitism.
The equation predicts reversal of acids and base strengths.
It indicates that the substances are dissolved in water.
He became famous for his knowledge of early Arabian antiquities.
These stories are related through "isnad" channels.
The poems were put to music, but the musical signs are no longer readable.
Over the centuries this monastery played an important role in shaping Portuguese culture.
The surround to the sacristy doorway is an outstanding example of Manueline decoration.
It has a characteristic strong smell and a sharp burning taste.
The other amyl alcohols may be obtained synthetically.
The term "amyl nitrite" encompasses several isomers.
Amyl nitrite may also intensify the experience of synesthesia.
A sweeps period takes place in November to measure Nielsen Ratings.
Autumn, especially in poetry, has often been associated with melancholia.
It has been referred to as an unhealthy season.
This was the original home base for the famous China Clipper flying boat.
Both the American snow cone and the popsicle were first sold at Neptune Beach.
Later, Knowland owned the powerful "Oakland Tribune".
Color-coding conventions are various.
There are several lower-resolution methods for assigning general helical structure.
The arcade has hardware shops and shops like Argos.
The store opened later that year.
The name Accrington appears to be Anglo-Saxon in origin.
Rushdoony says, There are no mountains of Megiddo, only the Plains of Megiddo.
The charges were dismissed.
Deeper pipelining with more stages allowed higher clock speeds to be attained.
The chips were also liked for their undervolting ability.
As a result, Absalom fled to Geshur.
There were two sequels, "Escape to Persia" and "Oxus in Summer".
The area was taken over by Russia during the Russian conquest of Turkestan.
He also expelled the Hindu Shahi from Gandhara.
Mountain tribe revolts hindered the process of converting the tribes.
Zaman's downfall was triggered by his attempts to consolidate power.
Arcturus was once again called by its classical name from the Renaissance onwards.
Arcturus had several names that described its significance to indigenous Polynesians.
Brooks is Jewish; his grandparents emigrated from Austria and Russia.
They have two children, Jacob and Claire, and reside in Santa Monica, California.
You really don't like me'.
It can also, rarely, be occulted by Venus.
In Persia, Antares was known as "Satevis", one of the four "royal stars".
Australia or South Africa can never observe an Aldebaran occultation.
Five faint stars are positioned so that they appear close to Aldebaran.
Occultations by planets are not possible at present, as each planet passes Aldebaran north.
In Western astrology, the star Altair was ill-omened, portending danger from reptiles.
This activity may be due to convection cells forming at the cooler equator.
Abbott reportedly called the "Q and A" program a "Lefty Lynch Mob".
At the same time, the newly formed Corporation underwent significant restructuring.
It is owned and operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
The latter was recently rediscovered under water.
The tram is considered the cheapest method of public transport.
Alexandria University is a public university that follows the Egyptian system of higher education.
The Alexandria City Court has a part-time locally elected judge.
Alexandria is part of the Anderson, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The city council consists of seven members.
They play their home games at Bringhurst Field.
The Rapides Symphony holds an annual fall Pops concert in the amphitheater.
The battalion also has units located in Jonesboro, Winnfield, Colfax, and Saint Martinville, Louisiana.
The circuit of the old walls can still be traced.
Constantine considered making Troas the capital of the Roman Empire.
Troas is also a titular see of the Orthodox Church under the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
Local landmarks include Christie Park, and the Fountain in the town centre.
A. J. Cronin's uncle owned a pub in Bridge Street.
Alexandria Library is located on Gilmour Street.
It is located south-west of Bucharest, towards the Bulgarian border.
She has also worked on the principal gene mutations causing neuromuscular diseases.
The first algorithm based on this sequence pair appeared in the works of Lagrange.
This proof is given by Gauss.
In engineering, it is used for instance in elliptic filter design.
The exhibit is separated into seven areas.
It is also a member of the large and diffuse Ursa Major moving group.
First, the star's strong magnetic field separating different elements in the star's hydrogen 'fuel'.
Such upgrades usually include a battery-backed real-time clock.
There is no guarantee that every blinking state or color is accurate.
It did not have the developer signatures or the carry handle.
These resources are handled by the Amiga Autoconfig standard.
The Commodore branding was retained for the international versions.
More general type of asymptotes can be defined in this case.
Suppose, as before, that the curve "A" tends to infinity.
Asymptotes are used in procedures of curve sketching.
The focus is on building a highly modular, reliable, and secure, operating system.
He is Jewish.
These developments will probably later make their way back into the Ariane programme.
The second stage is on top of the main stage and below the payload.
Development of the Vinci engine continued, though at a lower pace.
The payload was two Galileo navigation satellites.
Arianespace uses the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana as its main launch site.
Once the multiplication is complete, the result needs to be placed somewhere.
Knuth's model has many other instructions as well.
Other intelligence officers have also disputed that claim.
I think nobody ever looked at them because of incompetence.
And, boy, did he express himself.
Similar techniques exist for subtraction and division.
This approach eventually replaced all other systems.
Their rational system of mathematics, or of their method of calculation.
Andersonville is part of the Americus Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The town also served as a supply depot during the war period.
The town changed very little over the years.
Navigable branches connect the canal with Mathura and Agra.
It has no high mountains, but its surface is very hilly.
Amakusa pottery has been recognised by the government.
The islands are served by Amakusa Airfield, located on the north end of Shimoshima.
The particles produce a scattering effect upon the component parts of white light.
The backscattering of this light further turns it pinkish to reddish.
Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream" possibly depicts an afterglow during this period.
It is one of many closures in mathematics.
Saying this another way, "K" is contained in a "separably-closed" algebraic extension field.
This subextension is called a separable closure of "K".
He played the flute and clarinet.
He also invented the saxotromba, saxhorn and saxtuba.
The use of saxhorns spread rapidly.
In some languages, such as English, aspiration is allophonic.
Voiced consonants are seldom actually aspirated.
Aspirated consonants are not always followed by vowels or other voiced sounds.
Gamma knife may also be used.
Capillaries in turn successively join together to form veins that carry blood away.
However, interventional therapy may also be relatively risky.
Atlanta's dialect has traditionally been a variation of Southern American English.
Media is also an important aspect of Atlanta's economy.
Axiology studies mainly two kinds of values: ethics and aesthetics.
Philosophers began to recognize that differences existed between the laws and morality of society.
Aesthetics studies the concepts of "beauty" and "harmony.
As he reads them, Nora steels herself to take her life.
Nora promises to talk to Torvald about finding her a job.
Seeing them, she collapses, and the curtain is brought down.
The airframe was developed by Douglas Aircraft Company.
Sparrow One was a limited and rather primitive weapon.
The main changes were to the software, improving low-level performance.
They receive their initial guidance information from a radar not mounted on the vehicle.
It survived with shrapnel damage to the tail and no casualties.
Aircrew and maintenance training with live missiles was completed in June.
The latter is most effective against large, hard targets.
The propulsion system for both types is a solid-fuel rocket motor behind the warhead.
Ninety-nine missiles were fired during the two wars, eighty-four of which were successful.
The Phoenix was the United States' only long-range air-to-air missile.
Most of the research contained in the book was based on pilot interviews.
The flight versions had A and C versions.
Close air support roles include supporting ground troops, escorting convoys, and urban operations.
Air interdiction missions are conducted against planned targets and targets of opportunity.
Ghost Rider eventually was transferred and displayed at the Lockheed Museum at Marietta, Georgia.
The sedenions, on the other hand, are not alternative.
Conversely, any algebra whose associator is alternating is clearly alternative.
The structure theory of alternative rings is presented in.
In spatial arbitrage, an arbitrageur looks for price differences between geographically separate markets.
Competition in the marketplace can also create risks during arbitrage transactions.
The stadium has used several names over the years and has undergone several renovations.
Today's logo is a kite shaped double lozenge bordered in gold.
The genre features chants, call-and-response vocals, and complex, interacting rhythms.
Afrobeat originated from Fuji, heavy Nigerian drumbeats, and Ghanaian highlife.
As the genre spread throughout the African continent many bands took up the style.
See Dirichlet convolution, below.
The revised Alien Enemies Act remains in effect today.
North Dakota was represented by controversial Senator William "Wild Bill" Langer.
The bill never passed.
There are many examples of antinomy.
He has devoted his life to making the Talmud accessible to all Jews.
Jacob Neusner's How Adin Steinsaltz Misrepresents the Talmud.
Steinsaltz is a popular University and radio commentator.
One notable pupil was Enoch Powell.
At first selling slowly, it rapidly became a lasting success.
"A. E. H." includes humorous verse such as a parody of Longfellow's poem "Excelsior".
Generally this position requires new physical mechanisms to explain the observed warming.
The importance of each individual influence in this mixture changes over time.
The building has now been demolished.
Other sites included Achnahaird beach where a horse chase was filmed and Loch Lurgainn.
This error-adjustment is also called "partial adjustment".
Adaptive expectations were instrumental in the Phillips curve outlined by Milton Friedman.
However, in this framework it is clear why and how adaptive expectations are problematic.
In addition to regressive traits, cave forms evolved "constructive traits".
Since then, these have been selectively bred for their troglomorphic traits.
Cave fish and surface fish are able to produce fertile offspring.
Subsequently, in the far field, the ions will be greatly magnified.
At a minimum, an atom probe will consist of several key pieces of equipment.
Capone continued to back Thompson.
Capone was called "Snorky", a term for a sharp dresser, by his closest friends.
The ratio of these two is quoted as the amplifier dynamic range.
Ringing is the result of overshoot caused by an underdamped circuit.
It is especially an issue when applied over multiple amplifying stages.
It was also nominated for Best Make-Up.
They worked on the script throughout the pre-production and production of "Darkman".
Upon return, Ash demands to be returned to his own time.
This program finally combined reliability and accuracy, along with the necessary stand-off range.
All of the "Spruance" destroyers carried two separate quad Harpoon launchers.
He was interviewed by a consular officer, who again approved his application.
In June, he phoned his family for the last time.
All aboard died.
In it, he talked about his plans to bring the "bloodied message" to America.
Some passengers expressed doubt that the bomb was real.
The crash killed everyone on board.
The travel was a mammoth task in itself.
All major Christian denominations which officially recognize saints venerate Athanasius.
Athanasius stuck by the orthodox creed.
Parades and pageants are the heart of the Carnaval festivities.
So a minority on the islands has non European ancestry.
He stated that the Portuguese explored the area and claimed it for Portugal.
Many visitors prefer to travel in these areas in a convoy.
There is no breakdown of tourism revenues for the "Outback" "per se".
Mineral exploration continues as new mineral deposits are identified and developed.
While this solves the logical problem, one could argue that the philosophical problem remains.
Indeed, naive set theory might be said to be based on this notion.
For example, the class of all sets would be a proper class.
Acceptance tests are also used as regression tests prior to a production release.
The customer specifies scenarios to test when a user story has been correctly implemented.
In many cases, this is the only biographical data available.
He particularly enjoyed the support of Polish Lutherans.
All of its bridges were destroyed during the course of the war.
They were gassed there.
It serves today as a "Symbolic House of God".
It is the most important river of central Italy after the Tiber.
The flow rate of the Arno is irregular.
New dams built upstream of Florence have greatly alleviated the problem in recent years.
The people's quality of life is very high.
A coastal feature is that frosts are rare and never severe.
"Raivas" are also a typical biscuit of Aveiro.
Anthony is appealed to against infectious diseases, particularly skin diseases.
Veneration of Anthony in the East is more restrained.
He himself left no writings.
The length of the body reached about six feet in some cases.
The dental formula was i.
Few authorities recognize Amblypoda in modern classifications.
Amblygonite forms a series with "montebrasite", the low fluorine endmember.
The main sources for gem material are Brazil and the United States.
Amygdalin is a cyanogenic glycoside derived from the aromatic amino acid phenylalanine.
Amok typically takes place in a well populated or crowded area.
The slang terms "going postal" or "going ballistic" are similar in scope.
Police describe such an event as a killing spree.
The United Methodists commonly incorporate the Apostles' Creed into their worship services.
If the candidate is a child, the godparents are to answer the questions.
Numbers of the form are known as Thabit numbers.
Fermat and Descartes also rediscovered pairs of amicable numbers known to Arab mathematicians.
Euler's rule creates additional amicable pairs for with no others being known.
This results in the consumers feeling fuller.
With its newfound use in microbiology, agar production quickly increased.
It can be used to make jellies, puddings, and custards.
It can have harmful effects on plants, aquatic animals and infrastructure.
Canadian Harold Harvey was among the first to research a "dead" lake.
Other affected areas include the southeastern coast of China and Taiwan.
Later, they joined the adherents of the non-Chalcedonian Patriarch Severus of Antioch.
These were directed primarily against the old Constitution.
Later, he was a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
The duke recaptured Groningen, but soon afterwards he died at Emden.
He was buried at Meissen.
Guthrie has also made several acting appearances.
He is the father of four children, who have also had careers as musicians.
He also has a home in Sebastian, Florida.
The full title is The Book of Alma: The Son of Alma.
The wealthier Zoramites eventually defected and united with the Lamanites.
This is largely a period of post-war reconstruction and exploration in the Nephite nation.
Beta-carotene may also increase lung cancer.
Melatonin easily crosses cell membranes and the blood-brain barrier.
Some antioxidant supplements may promote disease and increase mortality in humans under certain conditions.
Combinations of iron, aluminium, silicon and manganese make brass wear and tear resistant.
It is also used in zippers.
In addition, cutting operations can smear the lead globules over the surface.
The Kunstmuseum exhibits both temporary exhibitions and its permanent collection.
It is his fourth term.
Four delegates represent the Federal city of Bonn in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Cha-cha is performed for both International Latin and American Rhythm.
Reverse turn is used to travel down long side and is overturned.
These chapters are typically clubs or teams that have an interest in ballroom dancing.
The remix version was also presented at Paula Cooper Gallery in New York.
It is believed that it is now a lost film.
Frightened, she flees into the forest, pursued by Gus.
The area of the bloom extended from Germany and Poland to Finland.
In the Middle Ages the sea was known by variety of names.
Most of the latter are in the Gulfs of Bothnia and Finland.
Some seas and lakes are brackish.
A brackish marsh may occur where a freshwater flow enters a salt marsh.
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets seawater.
There are also several public charter schools.
The Cross Bronx Expressway bisects it, east to west.
The consolidation of the Bronx into New York City proceeded in two stages.
The principal operators of Free Peers, Incorporated were Vincent Falco and Louis Tatta.
The official page remains active with a message announcing its discontinuation.
No other gnutella servant has enjoyed this capability.
Many Flemish people still speak dialects of Dutch in their local environment.
Belgian cinema has brought a number of mainly Flemish novels to life on-screen.
Belgium is a constitutional, popular monarchy and a federal parliamentary democracy.
Another development in this period was big band blues.
The slide guitar became an important part of the Delta blues.
Expressive guitar solos were a key feature of this music.
Juni, connecting the Brandenburg Gate and Ernst-Reuter-Platz, serves as the central east-west axis.
Berlin is well known for its highly developed bicycle lane system.
Originally he analyzed Biblical texts, seeking to uncover hidden layers of meaning.
Whorf took Sapir's first course at Yale on "American Indian Linguistics".
Both Bill and Hillary Clinton have received millions of dollars in book authorship fees.
The president was scheduled to visit both of these locations later in the week.
The phrase is nearly synonymous with the phrase "hornbook law".
This "restatement" is followed by commentary and examples that expand on the principle stated.
Blue laws may also prohibit retail activity on days other than Sunday.
Christmas Day and Easter Sunday are non-trading days.
Nonetheless, as of today, virtually all provincial Sunday Closing laws have ceased to exist.
Hops may be added at more than one point during the boil.
Beer colour is determined by the malt.
Computers usually manipulate bits in groups of a fixed size, conventionally named "words".
This principle is the basis of data compression technology.
A bitwise operation optionally process bits one at a time.
It is used extensively in protocol definitions.
This large investment promised to reduce transmission costs for eight-bit data.
It is analogous to amorphous carbon.
All other forms of boron nitride are crystalline.
The final album contains five tracks from New York and five from Minneapolis.
I mean ... people enjoying that type of pain, you know?
It didn't pertain to me ...
It's not something any one person should do about another.
Get a life, please.
Whatever work was done in Pro Tools was flown right back to the masters.
The four main characters finally got together by the end of the story.
The art work was provided by Henry Scarpelli.
The script acknowledged Granny's passing, but featured Imogene Coca as Granny's mother.
Once ignited, beryllium burns brilliantly forming a mixture of beryllium oxide and beryllium nitride.
Beryllium is a health and safety issue for workers.
This is one of the indicators of past activity at nuclear weapon test sites.
I thought the pictures were fine.
Brazilian roads are the primary carriers of freight and passenger traffic.
Many regions have starkly different microclimates.
An important mining area was the Kinzig valley and its side valleys.
One oft-visited town is Baden-Baden with its thermal baths and festival hall.
Tourism at Black Sea resorts became one of the region's growth industries.
Because of the extreme stratification, it is classified as a salt wedge estuary.
During the spring, the Batumi eddy forms in the southeastern corner of the sea.
The order of the other books is somewhat different from other groups', as well.
In Eastern Christianity, translations based on the Septuagint still prevail.
These commandments provide the basis for Jewish religious law.
Port Moody is named after him.
Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.
Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system.
During the visit, many members of the royal family joined the sangha.
These alternative chronologies, however, have not yet been accepted by all historians.
Bridges are subject to unplanned uses as well.
The separation of forces may be quite clear.
A viaduct is made up of multiple bridges connected into one longer structure.
Beads come in a variety of materials, shapes and sizes.
Today a wide range of beading styles flourish.
The uneven beads were noticed early on, this led to experimentation, slowly at first.
They also practice fine motor skills each time they grasp a game piece.
There are many varieties of board games.
The use of dice of various sorts goes back to the earliest board games.
The oldest-surviving synthetic materials used for beadmaking have generally been ceramics: pottery and glass.
It is thought that is because of bead trading that humans developed language.
The most common bead weaving technique requires two passes of the weft thread.
Different stitches produce pieces with distinct textures, shapes, and patterns.
Bead looms vary in size and are typically made of wood or metal.
It comprises fairy shrimp, clam shrimp, Cladocera, Notostraca and the Devonian "Lepidocaris".
The telson is flanked by a pair of long, thin caudal rami.
The three groups are not believed to form a clade.
This meeting was described in Matthew Stewart's "The Courtier and the Heretic".
Nietzsche esteemed few philosophers, but he esteemed Spinoza.
Karl Marx liked Spinoza's account of the universe, interpreting it as materialistic.
Later academics also referred to them as the properties of being.
Heraclitus, on the other hand, foreshadowed modern thought by denying existence.
Although innovated in the late medieval period, Thomism was dogmatized in the Renaissance.
Birds have one of the most complex respiratory systems of all animal groups.
The most commonly cited human threat to birds is habitat loss.
The song achieved commercial success, peaking inside the top-five in eleven countries.
After hearing the recorded material, Jive signed Spears to a multi-album deal.
She announced that the tour would start in July.
Bulgaria is not yet part of the eurozone but is showing progress.
Other major rivers include the Struma and the Maritsa in the south.
Bulgaria is one of the countries with highest biodiversity in Europe.
Some have used more than one approach in the same work.
When colonies grow too large, however, they can split in two.
Most colonies are stationary.
There are far fewer biennials than either perennial plants or annual plants.
This typically makes biennial vegetables such as spinach, fennel and lettuce unusable as food.
The plant then flowers, producing fruits and seeds before it finally dies.
They also contain eugenol.
Bay leaves have been used in entomology as the active ingredient in killing jars.
This is not true - bay leaves may be eaten without toxic effect.
The biota consists of a range of organisms.
Collections continued to be made by the Royal Ontario Museum.
A consideration of the combination of characters allows researchers to establish the taxonomic affinity.
They have no apparent adult supervision at home, are dim-witted, under-educated and barely literate.
That comes up every three years.
This part of the show was mostly improvised by Mike Judge.
Other taxa now included here were placed in various other orders.
Some offer access through packet switched networks or packet radio connections.
Bulletin Board Systems could be found for almost every hobby and interest.
Today shareware is commonly used to mean electronically distributed software from a small developer.
The trio is the first time the trombones play.
The score includes many repeats.
The name has stuck with the work ever since.
The second movement is in double variation form.
Rudolf was an amateur pianist and a patron, friend, and composition student of Beethoven.
The trio was written late in the Beethoven's so-called "middle period".
The name "Spring Sonata" was given to it after Beethoven's death.
The "Allegro" movement is featured in the stage show "Fame".
It is a crime in some jurisdictions.
The concept has fallen into disuse in Australia.
Being a common barrator was an offence under the common law of England.
This is deemed to be the first use of an aircraft as a bomber.
High-speed and high-altitude flying became a means of evading detection and attack.
With the advent of guided air-to-air missiles, bombers needed to avoid interception.
These are variations using small disks instead of balls, and light-weight cue sticks.
A few of the more popular examples of pool games are given below.
The players were stubborn in the fact that the cloth should not be ripped.
The city is also the administrative centre of Bursa Province.
The horizontally spacious and dimly lit interior is designed to feel peaceful and contemplative.
The mountain was called the Mysian Olympus by the Romans who lived there before.
It is known simply as "Creole" to differentiate languages.
Smith, William Johnson, Eddie Minnis and Winston Saunders.
The Central Bank administers restrictions and controls on capital and money market instruments.
It is completely overgrown with vegetation and is unusable.
There are no ports or harbors, with anchorage prohibited offshore.
Fish and Wildlife Service.
Pithas are traditional boiled desserts made with rice or fruits.
Malnutrition has been a persistent problem in the poverty-stricken country.
Infrequent natural hazards include earthquakes, landslips and hurricanes.
Overfishing is another threat which faces Barbados.
The name became "Bassas da India" due to transcription errors by cartographers.
Mooring at Bassas da India requires a permit from the French Government.
Minorities also practice Greek Catholicism, Judaism, Islam and Neopaganism.
There are several claims to the origin of the name White Rus'.
It is landlocked, relatively flat, and contains large tracts of marshy land.
The Greek Orthodox Church has a presence in Santa Elena.
In addition, Belize also offers nonresidents the ability to establish offshore accounts.
Temperatures and humidity are high along the tropical coast.
Marxism-Leninism was also abolished as the nation's form of government.
Cheese is used in some dishes.
The island is in the hurricane belt and prone to severe weather.
Other significant sources of visitors are from Canada and the United Kingdom.
A cabinet is nominated by the premier and appointed officially by the governor.
In Chile, the government and public rejected the peace treaty.
Bolivia has the second largest natural gas reserves in South America.
It is constituted by a "Regional Assembly".
The gravest accusations were raised by the opposition rank and file against Andrassy.
Groundwater use through deep borehole drilling has somewhat eased the effects of drought.
It is the outsider that found a home within the culture.
The country's currency is the Botswana pula.
There are four government-run hospitals in Brunei, one for every district.
The British Government later accepted the draft constitution.
Allied attacks on shipping eventually caused trade to cease.
The governor is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the British government.
The Spring Regatta is normally held during the first week of April.
A cabinet is nominated by the Premier and appointed and chaired by the Governor.
They still can flood and overflow, however.
It is made up of two major types of countryside.
Electricity is generally reliable, although many businesses have their own backup generators.
The Bahamas have no income tax, corporate tax, capital gains tax, or wealth tax.
The government aims to expand food production to reduce imports and generate foreign exchange.
The Attorney General heads the independent judiciary.
There is an established non-political civil service.
The maximum duration of a Parliament is five years from the first sitting.
These officials are highlighted in yellow.
Belarus has switched from an analog to digital broadcast television.
Being a landlocked country, Belarus has no navy.
The Belarusian Ministry of Defence and the Main Staff were formed from its resources.
Although large in numbers, some Western experts consider some of it outdated.
In terms of trade, almost half of Belarusian export goes to Russia.
The governments of Belarus and Ecuador concluded an agreement about mutual visa-free travel.
A White House spokesman described the expulsion as "deeply disappointing".
The majority state-owned public telephone company of Belgium is Proximus.
These companies all offer specialised services.
All other companies offer also fixed telephony in a duo play formula.
Waterways are managed on a regional level in Belgium.
Brussels Airport is Belgium's biggest airport.
Trains, contrary to tram and road traffic, run on the left.
There is also production of textiles, palm products, and cocoa beans.
Production ceased in recent years but exploration of new sites is ongoing.
Two major products involved such working conditions in Benin: cotton and crushed granite.
Agriculture consists largely of subsistence farming and animal husbandry.
Most development projects, such as road construction, rely on Indian migrant labour.
The Bhutanese believe them to be the aboriginal inhabitants of the country.
They follow a blend of Tibetan Buddhism mixed with animism.
The country is mostly mountainous, encompassing the central Dinaric Alps.
The north-eastern region has a typical continental climate.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina religion is strongly linked to ethnicity.
Bosnia's constitution does not specify any official languages.
Yugoslav Sign Language is used with Croatian and Serbian variants.
The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature.
The Presidency serves as a collective head of state.
Industry was very strong, a holdover from the Mixed economic structure of Yugoslavia.
Giving it one of the best climates for economic expansion in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
The main bus station of Sarajevo has its own website.
The main provider of international bus connection in Bosnia and Herzegovina is Eurolines.
It is one of the easiest ways to travel here.
There are two major commands under the Joint Staff: Operational Command and Support Command.
Headquarters of Regiments have no operational authority.
Bulgaria was the first country to recognize Bosnia as an independent country.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has its office in New Delhi.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has an embassy in Sofia.
They still live in the Chobe district.
These days the Herero are among the wealthiest herders in Botswana.
The Kalahari Desert is in the central and the southwest.
The whole country is windy and dusty during the dry season.
Botswana is semi-arid, due to the short rain season.
The seven censuses of Botswana before its independence happened irregularly.
Previously, the citizens were counted based on their usual place of residence.
The Cabinet is headed by the President, who is also head of government.
There are two High Court divisions in Lobatse and Francistown.
General elections are held at least every five years.
This will be the main force behind continued economic expansion.
The main export of Botswana is diamonds.
One of the biggest problems is the inferior level of economy diversification they have.
Foreign publications are sold without restriction in Botswana.
Freight trains still operate.
The country's main international airport is Sir Seretse Khama International Airport in Gaborone.
It has welcomed post-apartheid South Africa as a partner in these efforts.
Botswana has a small number of diplomatic missions abroad.
The region has most of Brazil's industrial production.
The largest river in Brazil, the second longest in the world, is the Amazon.
The federal government has three independent branches: executive, legislative, and judicial.
The President is both the head of state and the head of government.
States hold elections every four years and exercise a considerable amount of power.
Brazil is a country with extreme differences in wages.
Its industrial sector accounts for three-fifths of the Latin American economy's industrial production.
Brazil created and expanded a complex agribusiness sector.
The Brazilian landline sector is fully open to competition and continues to attract operators.
Oi offers landline and mobile services under the Oi brand name.
With South American integration, more airports can be expected to open to international flights.
Brazil had a hundred tramway systems.
The senator was the responsible one for the implementation of the agency.
Their worldview was shaped and influenced by the anticommunism of that time.
The Brazilian military has also four times intervened militarily to overthrow the Brazilian government.
Foreign policy priorities are established by the President.
Brazil's political, business, and military ventures are complemented by the country's trade policy.
Brazil regularly extends export credits and university scholarships to its Latin American neighbors.
Typical daily minima are around in the summer and in the winter.
It has a tropical, humid climate, with temperatures moderated by trade winds.
There are no land boundaries.
The official language of the British Virgin Islands is English.
It scored less highly on infrastructure, access to capital and access to labour.
The most important of these is the formation and regulation of offshore investment funds.
The British Virgin Islands also promotes a number of regulated financial services products.
"B"mobile was joined to the suit as an interested party.
However, "b"mobile's main regional competitor, Digicel, was rejected for a licence.
The decision was regarded as highly controversial in the local media.
Brunei shares a border with Malaysia and has a coastline.
Oil and natural gas account for almost all exports.
At least half of the directors in a company must be residents of Brunei.
A small amount of natural gas is used for domestic power generation.
Telephone service throughout Brunei is excellent.
Brunei actively supports Bangladesh's candidacy for different regional and international organisations.
Like Brunei, Singapore is a full member of the Commonwealth of Nations.
The relations have always been close and cordial.
The fossil fuels include coal, petroleum and natural gas.
The geographic center of Bulgaria is located in Uzana.
The protests continued over the lifetime of the Oresharski government.
Bulgarian economy closely resembled that of the Soviet Union.
The Bulgarian lev is anyway bound to the euro.
Infrastructure items such as recreation facilities and booking services require improvement.
The two largest ports are in Varna and in Burgas.
Buses are frequently used in Bulgaria for long-distance travel.
The table below lists Bulgarian military deployments in foreign countries.
Military education in Bulgaria is provided in military universities and academies.
Military service was obligatory.
Water shortages are often a problem, especially in the north of the country.
Recurring droughts and floods are a significant natural hazard.
The introduction of Islam to Burkina Faso was initially resisted by the Mossi rulers.
Christians, predominantly Roman Catholics, are largely concentrated among the urban elite.
The legislature and judiciary are independent but remain susceptible to outside influence.
Eleven banks and five non-bank financial institutions operate in the country.
The Mossi Plateau in north central Burkina Faso faces encroachment from the Sahara.
Industry remains dominated by unprofitable government-controlled corporations.
This pushed rates down even as density and coverage area increased.
Radio is the country's most popular communications medium.
Although the government does not attempt to impede criticism, some journalists practice self-censorship.
The manganese deposits near Dori are one source of traffic.
Only Ivory Coast is connected to Burkina Faso by rail.
Being a landlocked country, Burkina Faso has no navy.
Artillery and engineer battalions are also listed.
Burkina maintains cordial relations with Libya.
They remain allies and are active trading partners.
Sweden is a major contributor of developmental aid to Burkina Faso.
Rain is irregular, falling most heavily in the northwest.
As a landlocked country, Burundi possesses no coastline.
Most people live on farms near areas of fertile volcanic soil.
Intermarriage takes place frequently between the Hutus and Tutsis.
The president is elected by the people.
Parties are usually based on ethnic background.
Under Mandela the peace process has revived and important progress has taken place.
Little industry exists except the processing of agricultural exports.
Lake Tanganyika remains an important trading point.
Following the coup, the United States also suspended all but humanitarian aid to Burundi.
Radio is the main source of information for many Burundians.
Penalties range from two months' to three years' imprisonment and fines.
Authorities do not always respect the law requiring search warrants.
Kigali is the city with the most daily departures.
There are also a number of helicopter landing strips.
Most freight is transported down waterways.
Micombero then became Prime Minister.
He imposed a staunch regime of law and order and sharply repressed Hutu militarism.
Some Burundian rebel groups have used neighboring countries as bases for insurgent activities.
Two suspension bridges and a cable-stayed bridge cross the Bosphorus.
It is a major sea access route for numerous countries, including Russia and Ukraine.
Municipal administration is also conducted by a mayor, a council, and an executive.
It is now considered a landmark of Brussels.
Bell Labs' Claude Shannon later proved that it is unbreakable.
Eight Nobel Prizes have been awarded for work completed at Bell Laboratories.
This technology evolution dramatically reduced floor space needs.
His thesis advisor at Cambridge was Professor David Wheeler.
Stroustrup has written or co-written a number of publications including the following books.
Axons transmit signals to other neurons by means of specialized junctions called synapses.
For vertebrates, the early stages of neural development are similar across all species.
It takes into account the nonlinearity of the brain-to-body relationship.
Byzantium later conquered Chalcedon, across the Bosporus on the Asiatic side.
The tale is also related by Stephanus of Byzantium, and Eustathius.
Byzantium was besieged by Greek forces during the Peloponnesian War.
The East Germans then built zig-zagging roads at checkpoints.
However, East German authorities could still refuse entry permits.
The Soviets mounted a public relations campaign against the Western policy change.
This is not one genre.
Burning mirrors achieve a similar effect by using reflecting surfaces to focus the light.
The technology of the burning glass has been known since antiquity.
These included carbon dioxide by burning diamond, and mercuric oxide by heating mercury.
Many hills in England were named Beacon Hill after such beacons.
"Beaconing" is the process that allows a network to self-repair network problems.
Systems of this kind have existed for centuries over much of the world.
Less serious topics include beautiful women with their colourful duppattas.
The first Beastie Boys show took place at Berry's loft.
"Grand Royal Magazine" is also responsible for giving British band Sneaker Pimps their name.
"Beastie Revolution" was later sampled for a British Airways commercial.
The topography of the islands is modest in scale by global standards.
About two to four millennia later, Great Britain became separated from the mainland.
In Scotland, pine and birch are most common.
However, Basque was explicitly recognized in some areas.
Within a noun phrase, modifying adjectives follow the noun.
In fact, they each filmed their appearances separately.
The twosome produced records by other artists and continued writing songs together.
Andersson also worked on the film adaptation of "Mamma Mia!".
The Affix stack was developed by Nokia.
The specification is based on frequency-hopping spread spectrum technology.
That lets the latest standard cover all older versions.
Participation in the Working Groups is restricted to Promoter members and Associate members.
They are responsible for the vast majority of published standards and specifications.
The Working Groups develop new Bluetooth specifications and enhance adopted specifications.
It's a Holi-Holiday.
The album's commercial performance was initially lukewarm.
But he knows a lot, that's the problem.
Scott outlined the film was "liable to be a sequel" without the previous cast.
We had a bad patch there, and I'm over it.
He interrupted presentations with such comments That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard!
That should be positive if we manage it well.
Gates has also provided personal donations to educational institutions.
Belgian Blue cattle require more skilled management and do not thrive in harsh environments.
This particular trait is shared with another breed of cattle known as Piedmontese.
This mutation also interferes with fat deposition, resulting in very lean meat.
In nuclear reactors, B is used for reactivity control and in emergency shutdown systems.
Nuclear applications of boron carbide include shielding, control rods and shut-down pellets.
The B and B nuclei also cause splitting in the resonances of attached nuclei.
Bromic acid is a strong acid.
Chronic exposure may lead to frequent bronchial infections and a general deterioration of health.
Bromine forms a monofluoride and monochloride, as well as a trifluoride and pentafluoride.
Barium is chemically similar to magnesium, calcium, and strontium, but even more reactive.
A similar reaction with silicon at yields barium and barium metasilicate.
It is a member of the actinide and transuranium element series.
Berkelium was the fifth transuranium element discovered after neptunium, plutonium, curium and americium.
The aluminium hydroxide in the lateritic bauxite deposits is almost exclusively gibbsite.
Zones with highest aluminium content are frequently located below a ferruginous surface layer.
Bavarians consider themselves to be egalitarian and informal.
The country became one of the Jesuit supported counter-reformation centers.
The capital and largest city is Potsdam.
They relied heavily on river transport.
Otto founded the Bishoprics of Brandenburg and Havelberg.
The Bundestag's executive bodies include the Council of Elders and the Presidium.
Its seat was in the Free City of Frankfurt on the Main.
Accordingly, each voter has two votes in the elections to the Bundestag.
It is also a member of the South Carolina Environmental Excellence Program.
Pop singer Aura Dione also originates from the island.
If there is capacity on a departure, "normal" passengers can come aboard.
Novels are stories that typically feature a plot, setting, themes and characters.
It was historically used for writing documents, notes, or the pages of a book.
The monks or people who wrote them were paid highly.
He had influence in the film industry.
He was a daredevil.
Thackeray declared himself to be the "remote control" chief minister.
His son Anders August is a screenwriter.
Bille is the first foreign director to be hired by the Chinese film company.
The Slavs also built a fortress around their settlement.
The Pelagonia agricultural combine is the largest producer of food in the country.
Bitola is located in the southwestern part of Macedonia.
He moved to attack Norfolk's vanguard.
For his kin, Henry created Jasper Tudor the Duke of Bedford.
There was a cluster of field names suggesting the presence of marshland and heath.
The seed leaves are entire or have a notch at the tip.
The Council of Jamnia theory is increasingly rejected by most liberal scholars.
Empty table cells indicate that a book is absent from that canon.
However, the Slavonic, Armenian, and Ethiopian traditions have different New Testament book orders.
Commonly used statistics with their abbreviations are explained here.
Most of these terms also apply to softball.
Broadcast commentators often refer to this as "playing the percentages".
An at bat is different from a plate appearance.
This ambiguous terminology is usually clarified by context.
Both total runs and earned runs are tabulated as part of a pitcher's statistics.
Greene walked the next batter to load the bases.
If the batter strikes out to end the inning, it will stay that way.
If this batter guesses correctly, he could achieve more success than he otherwise would.
The move was met with some controversy.
Intentional walks do carry risks, however.
Only bases attained from hits count toward this total.
His helmet shattered, and he suffered a concussion.
However, throwing at a batter intentionally is illegal, and can be very dangerous.
Hooks Wiltse and Max Scherzer hold this rare feat.
He would retain his American Association batting championship.
Doubles, triples, and home runs are also called extra base hits.
An "infield hit" is a hit where the ball does not leave the infield.
On-base percentage can also vary quite considerably from player to player.
This would also eliminate the only right-handed batter in the list, Barnes.
This term has fallen out of use.
Mantle is the only switch-hitter in the group.
Successful base stealers are not only fast but have good baserunning instincts and timing.
However, such a tactic was not recorded as a stolen base.
This is a minor risk of a steal attempt.
However, at season's end.
Melky's case, however, turned out differently.
Plate appearances are also used by scorers for "proving" a box score.
All proceeds from this effort went to the National Urban League.
All of these are used within hardware registers and processing units, and in software.
To check the rest of the digits, represent them in decimal.
How dare you utter these words?
He also invaded the western sections of the Chinese territories.
Pei, Lawrence Halprin and Paul Rudolph, among many others.
This school became the Institute of Design, part of the Illinois Institute of Technology.
Mies appointed no new faculty other than his close confidant Lilly Reich.
Beowulf returns home and eventually becomes king of his own people.
This exhaustive analysis is in itself sufficient to prove that Beowulf was composed orally.
She is skilled in many areas, but excels in combat-related abilities.
Instrumental versions of all the songs are bonus tracks on the disc.
Cleavon Little was cast in the role, and Pryor remained as a writer.
The disc features exclusive liner notes featuring comments from Mel Brooks and John Morris.
He won Hugo Awards for his novelettes "Bicycle Repairman" and "Taklamakan".
He also contributed, along with Lewis Shiner, to the short story "Mozart in Mirrorshades".
This has earned him the nickname "Chairman Bruce".
Brain abscess is usually associated with congenital heart disease in young children.
So I gave her the part of a man - that amused me.
When she was seven she was admitted to the Cours Hattemer, a private school.
Her relationship with Vadim, who attended the audition, influenced her further life and career.
These instruments had varying numbers of strings, though often including some form of drone.
This style is based upon parlor-style guitar.
The etymology of the name "banjo" is uncertain.
Latin American players, largely overlooked before, also started entering the majors in greater numbers.
Major league teams often skirt even this rule.
Baseball has also inspired the creation of new cultural forms.
There are two side effects.
In fact, there were dozens of leagues, large and small, at this time.
This was the first high-profile moment in baseball after the strike.
In recent decades, pitchers have rarely won the award.
The following season, Chalmers created the Chalmers Award.
The award goes to the player who receives the most overall points.
No franchise has won both the National and American League Championship Series.
Click the link on the far left for detailed information on that series.
The series concludes when one team records its fourth win.
No franchise has won both the National League and American League Championship Series.
It is played in a best-of-five format.
Chants of "U-S-A, U-S-A" rang throughout Yankee Stadium.
Roger Clemens and Mike Mussina were the leaders of the Yankees' pitching staff.
The Diamondbacks broke the game open with eight runs in the bottom half.
Boston pitchers Bill Dinneen and Cy Young led Boston to victory.
Phillippe started his fifth and final game of the series and Dinneen his fourth.
The outcome, many believed, hinged on Wagner's health.
Viral survival and vector longevity is seen during milder winters.
Nasal signs may be prominent, with nasal discharge and stertorous respiration.
In sheep, this can lead to knee-walking.
He promotes open radio communications standards and open source hardware.
With the possible exception of Russia, all nations have struck their Morse Code requirements.
It was the first book series to be published under an open license.
Consequently, the idea of a self must be eliminated.
Thus, different combinations of properties and relations produce different objects.
The objection maintains that language causes confusion that supports bundle theory.
Eisenhower was under the impression that Goodwood was to be a break out operation.
The offensive failed to achieve its objectives.
He was the first physician to put thermometer measurements to clinical practice.
The enrichment extracted from his lectures at Leiden.
Disraeli has a memorial in Westminster Abbey.
He was shouted down by O'Connell's supporters.
He again offered a place to Gladstone, who declined.
The binomial distribution is the basis for the popular binomial test of statistical significance.
No closed form for this distribution is known.
The proportion of people who agree will of course depend on the sample.
Careful analysis with biostatistical methods is required to separate the signal from the noise.
Almost all educational programmes in biostatistics are at postgraduate level.
These sources feature regular repetitive publication of series of data.
This makes the topic of time series especially important for business statistics.
His twelve male children become the ancestors of the Twelve Tribes of Israel.
As the Lions represent two sovereign states, they do not have a national anthem.
Later the name British Isles became associated with the team.
Five years later a British Isles side returned to South Africa.
Also, the double bass-style technique can be used for fretting.
The earliest production basses had a 'stacked' volume and tone control for each pickup.
Worldwide, basketball tournaments are held for boys and girls of all age levels.
Nor may a player stop his dribble and then resume dribbling.
The United States defeated Canada in the first final, played outdoors.
Balls can also be used for simpler activities, such as catch, marbles and juggling.
Black-powder weapons use stone and metal balls as projectiles.
Synonymous terms for these notions are afterset and respectively foreset.
This difference in perspectives does raise some nontrivial issues.
But others view functions as simply sets of ordered pairs with unique first components.
Some contractions are more similar than their print equivalents.
Braille cells are not the only thing to appear in braille text.
However, the event is not considered a public holiday.
Celebrations are held throughout France.
A mass was celebrated by Talleyrand, bishop of Autun.
Schneier has stated that, Blowfish is unpatented, and will remain so in all countries.
Blowfish is a fast block cipher, except when changing keys.
"See" key stretching.
A function is invertible if and only if it is a bijection.
If "M" is a positive definite matrix, this yields an inner product.
The various concepts relating to functions can also be generalised to binary functions.
But this function is undefined when the second input is zero.
You can experiment.
I walked out on it because it was a really good film.
When Jeffrey moves to leave, she asks him to stay, though he leaves anyway.
Here "K" is a field and "S" is a vector space over that field.
They are also called, respectively, Polish notation and reverse Polish notation.
Thus, for the general, non-associative case, binary operations can be represented with binary trees.
More recently, bags made of synthetic materials including Gore-Tex have become much more common.
Exceptions are generally those pipes which have a double-chanter instead.
Traditionally, one of the purposes of the bagpipe was to provide music for dancing.
Its name comes from a nightclub in London that is also called Bedrock.
Bedrock is also the name that Digweed and Muir use as their production moniker.
Lipids are usually made from one molecule of glycerol combined with other molecules.
Today, the terms "molecular biology" and "biochemistry" are nearly interchangeable.
A suitable method for excreting it must therefore exist.
Badminton is frequently compared to tennis.
Towelling grips are always replacement grips.
Many players, however, prefer to use replacement grips as the final layer.
The Latin root can be found in "bis-roca".
Baroque is a style of unity imposed upon rich, heavy detail.
Forms such as the sonata, cantata and oratorio flourished.
He also proved that these axioms are independent of each other.
The dual of an "ideal" is a "filter".
The first four pairs of axioms constitute a definition of a bounded lattice.
It is located in Palazzo Koch, via Nazionale, Rome.
The main function has thus become banking and financial supervision.
The Board of Directors is elected by the shareholders according to the bank statute.
These were not intended as humour.
The compilations prepared by Mike Barfield.
Joy's graduate advisor was Bob Fabry.
Joy denies this assertion.
This is the bandwidth of a device divided by its center frequency.
A commonly used quantity is fractional bandwidth.
For different applications there are different precise definitions.
This definition is given as the following.
It extends from Admiralty Arch, across Saint James's Park to the Victoria Memorial.
The bomber's engine was later exhibited at the Imperial War Museum in London.
Business lounges are used where these are not available.
However, opposition from the Treasury blocked the proposal.
Instead, a table folds up from under the middle seat on refurbished aircraft.
Other words for bicycle include "bike", "pushbike", "pedal cycle", or "cycle".
Self-service and assisted-service maintenance and repair may be available.
These have allowed for a proliferation of specialized designs for many types of cycling.
Sugar polymers can be linear or branched and are typically joined with glycosidic bonds.
There are a number of biophysical techniques for determining sequence information.
All polymers are made of repetitive units called monomers.
The Liberal Democrats gained six seats.
For the Liberal Democrats, this was the first election for leader Charles Kennedy.
As Labour remained at the political centre, the Tories moved to the right.
Exceptions include the Words of Mormon and the Book of Ether.
These statements have been published in most editions of the Book of Mormon.
Smith reluctantly acceded to Harris's requests.
These differences exist both among associations, and even among churches within the associations.
The Home Mission Society prevented slaveholders from being appointed as missionaries.
Like other peoples, Americans have often interpreted great events in religious terms.
Each option has a corresponding hand signal.
Some games give the player a fifth option, "surrender".
Here are a few shows inspired by the game.
Bicarbonate also serves much in the digestive system.
Bicarbonate also acts to regulate pH in the small intestine.
This is used as a leavening agent in baking.
His General Manager Ron Caron said he was A great playmaker.
He makes the average or above average player look like a star at times.
He's such an unselfish player.
Rainfall is moderate but typically occurs at night.
Buffalo is one of the largest Polish-American centers in the United States.
Buffalo has several well-known food companies.
The book preached the importance of forming voluntary associations to benefit society.
Franklin used London as a base to travel.
During this trip, events drastically changed the nature of his mission.
Banach spaces play a central role in functional analysis.
They are called biorthogonal functionals.
He also met one of his literary idols, Walt Whitman.
Some biographers attribute the cause of death to tertiary syphilis, others to overwork.
However some experts think that the Russian origin of the game is a fallacy.
It has some features in common with Solo Whist.
The bidding cards are laid out in sequence as the auction progresses.
House boats may be used for vacationing or long-term housing.
This canoe is exhibited in the Drents Museum in Assen, Netherlands.
An enclosed space on a boat is referred to as a cabin.
In modern times, blood transfusions are generally not considered against the rules.
This command continued to be observed by the Eastern Orthodox.
Hemerythrin is violet-pink when oxygenated.
He showed how visual complexity can be created from simple rules.
Mandelbrot, however, never felt he was inventing a new idea.
His family was Jewish.
There is some uncertainty about the origin of this feast.
Ruins of their familial home were excavated from beneath the church and preserved.
He prayed a blessing over the cup and the cup shattered.
Caesar then ordered in his third line, containing his most battle-hardened veterans.
Now at full strength, Caesar felt confident to take the fight to Pompey.
Also stationary troops were expected to be able to defend better against pila throws.
Wild men stories are found among the indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast.
No formal federation members were involved and the study made no notable discoveries.
Such reports are attributed to persons seeing various animals, particularly black bears.
All the other artists signed to Decca after Bing did.
He knew it would generate a lot of publicity.
The Sunday edition of the "Spokesman-Review" published a feature called "The Bingville Bugle.
This market is valued in billions of dollars.
Haiti and the United States have signed the Convention but not ratified it.
Many believed a full ban was needed including exports for recycling.
It features music from Zorn's "Masada" project, rearranged for small ensembles.
The album consistently impresses.
Popular computer magazines of the day typically included type-in programs.
A short documentary film was produced for the event.
The first Altair version was co-written by Gates, Allen, and Monte Davidoff.
Their names were preceded by "Imperator Caesar" and followed by "Augustus".
A very small change in initial conditions had created a significantly different outcome.
He later proposed that such phenomena could be common, for example, in meteorology.
Almost all product lines were discontinued.
It also has development centers at Singapore, Santa Ana, California, and Linz, Austria.
Schroders was the lead investment banker.
The enormous Fuller Collection is currently housed at Stanford University.
I must put everything in, so I started a very rigorous record.
"I suggest to audiences that they say, 'I'm going "outstairs" and "instairs.
Watterson's style also reflects the influence of Winsor McCay's "Little Nemo in Slumberland".
The "Post" abruptly fired Watterson before his contract was up.
Black has been a traditional color of cavalry and armoured or mechanized troops.
This provides two superficially opposite but actually complementary descriptions of black.
Black is frequently used as a color of power, law and authority.
However, the principle of concentrating high-grade cryptanalysis at Bletchley was maintained.
Eleanor Ireland worked on the Colossus computers.
Luftwaffe messages were the first to be read in quantity.
Most survived the Middle Ages, but a few were lost.
Both types of Bede's theological works circulated widely in the Middle Ages.
Bede wrote some works designed to help teach grammar in the abbey school.
The milk in bubble tea is optional, though many tea stores use it.
There are many varieties of the drink with a wide range of ingredients.
The most prevalent varieties of tea have changed frequently.
The French battalions were overwhelmed by Colonel Blood's close-range artillery and platoon fire.
The Allies, nevertheless, needed a base for provisions and a good river crossing.
It took all these faults to lose so celebrated a battle.
But these decisions soon became academic.
Villeroi also positioned powerful batteries near Ramillies.
Villeroi was helpless to arrest the process of collapse.
He authored many Unix programs, including ditroff.
Kernighan was the software editor for Prentice Hall International.
A major reason for the compiler's portability lay in its structure.
One was providing standard library routines for packing and unpacking words into byte strings.
The Hungarian notation was developed to help programmers avoid inadvertent type errors.
The German fleet withdrew to port after two short encounters with the British fleet.
The slow-firing main guns were the principal weapons for battleship-to-battleship combat.
Several Italian and German capital ships participated in the non-intervention blockade.
The cost of this cruiser arms race was significant.
Initially the class was planned with the "Invincible"s as the benchmark.
Only three men survived.
Hawke was born in South Australia but moved to Western Australia as a child.
He subsequently abandoned his Christian beliefs.
By the time he entered politics he was a self-described agnostic.
As he was carried to the ship, Odin whispered in his ear.
In Copenhagen, there is also a Baldersgade, or Balder's Street.
Here he lives with his wife Sif and their children.
Trading Card Game, "Nordic Relic Brisingamen".
However, this saga makes no mention of the great necklace.
However, in general this is not true for other functions "A".
Because "g" is continuous on a compact domain, it is uniformly continuous.
Bragi's mother is possibly the giantess Gunnlod.
The second type would be characteristic of the philosophy of essentialism.
V represents a vowel; C represents a consonant.
In fact these names exhibit multiple different Celtic roots.
The final root to be examined is "went".
Following Foster's departure, Bronski Beat began work on their next album, "Out and About".
Some of the song titles were "The Final Spin" and "Peace And Love".
The tracks were recorded at Berry Street studios in London with engineer Brian Pugsley.
However, many exceptions exist.
Thus the first binary prefix was born.
The Hall's motto is Preserving History, Honoring Excellence, Connecting Generations.
A more complete discussion of the new process is available below.
A Monte Carlo algorithm is a randomized algorithm which is likely to be correct.
Finding this string may be expensive, however.
There is at most one oracle query per deterministic computation step.
This leads to a collapse of quantum state to one of the basis states.
Informally, this is true because polynomial time algorithms are closed under composition.
She asks Deckard to hunt down the "missing" sixth replicant.
Deckard returns to Sarah with his suspicion: there is "no" sixth replicant.
She has completed her revenge by both destroying Tyrell, and taking back Rachael's place.
He was more distinguished in architecture than in sculpture.
The statue was meant to highlight Cosimo's goal of establishing a Florentine Naval force.
He took Grand Duke Cosimo the First as model for Neptune's face.
He was born in Bordeaux.
Conventional overhead cables are used outside the city.
His party gained four seats.
The name Bourde is still the name of a river south of the city.
Two different versions of the original game were released.
Bubbles will fire automatically if the player remains idle.
This is one puzzler that isn't a bust.
Bones are then often imaged, called radiography.
Osteoporosis usually has no symptoms until a fracture occurs.
Cancers that arise in bone are called "primary" cancers, although such cancers are rare.
The first syllable of the term "bretwalda" may be related to "Briton" or "Britain".
Thus, this interpretation would mean 'sovereign of Britain' or 'wielder of Britain'.
A complex array of dominance and subservience existed during the Anglo-Saxon period.
Let us begin with the string in an unfolded state, then refold it.
Benzoic acid is also formed in apples after infection with the fungus "Nectria galligena".
In teaching laboratories, benzoic acid is a common standard for calibrating a bomb calorimeter.
The Boltzmann distribution can be introduced to allocate permits in emissions trading.
This gives a stronger spectral line.
Whereas, the latter is used to describe particle speeds in idealized gases.
Jardine called this modified form of the tactic "fast leg theory".
It centers me.
She appeared in commercials for Prolia, a brand of denosumab for injection.
Regarding meditation practice, Danner said, I have found transcendental meditation very helpful and comforting.
The profit obtained from the speed and yield of smelting justifies its cost.
As a general principle, Fe ions are used to oxidize the ore.
Several species of fungi can be used for bioleaching.
Holds, usually made of plastic, are then bolted onto the wall to create problems.
Of the aforementioned equipment, climbing shoes have the most direct impact on performance.
The specialized rock climbing shoe was invented by one such athlete, Pierre Allain.
As a common example, salt water boils at a higher temperature than pure water.
The element with the lowest boiling point is helium.
However, special relativity does not apply beyond motion through space.
The average temperature of the universe would asymptotically approach absolute zero-a Big Freeze.
Kunstmann Brewery from Valdivia produces a dark, bittersweet version of bock.
The mouthfeel is smooth, with low to moderate carbonation and no astringency.
Plural is indicated by a change of class, with a resulting change of prefix.
"Glottolog" has incorporated many of these into their classification.
Another example is "buledi" for "bread".
Locations under construction but not activated.
It has been nominated to the National Register of Historic Sites.
The site remained in operation for several years following the fire.
The river drains the Guayanan Highlands moist forests ecoregion.
It is long, up to its Uraricoera confluence.
The latter almost links its sources with those of the Essequibo.
The bus is sometimes staffed by promotions personnel, giving out free gifts.
Many private taxicab companies also operate larger minibus vehicles to cater for group fares.
In-service examples are still in use by other operators.
The pre-War Bali as "paradise" was revived in a modern form.
Rice comes in many varieties.
Balinese percussion orchestra music, known as "gamelan", is highly developed and varied.
Bulgarian has a rich set of inflectional and derivational processes.
The possible existence of a few other moods has been discussed in the literature.
"Bulgarian" was the first "Slavic" language attested in writing.
A right bipyramid has two points above and below the centroid of its base.
Nonright bipyramids are called oblique bipyramids.
The reflection domains can be shown as alternately colored triangles as mirror images.
There is no significant threat to livestock from a 'big cat' in Bodmin Moor.
The skull was sent to the Natural History Museum in London for verification.
The three organizations run a vegetarian co-op for the larger community.
Brown's theatre and playwriting programs are among the best-regarded in the country.
BillAtkinson dot com About The Artist.
He takes close-up photographs of stones that have been cut and polished.
He withdrew to Lostwithiel, covering the port of Fowey.
The increasingly demoralised Parliamentarian infantry fell back towards Fowey in pouring rain.
On ethics, Russell considered himself a utilitarian.
Lady Amberley was the daughter of Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley.
He cruised down the Volga on a steamship.
The fly-by-wire system reduces weight and allows independent operation of individual spoilers.
Other carriers including All Nippon Airways and Delta Air Lines also ordered winglet kits.
This is roughly the distance from Shenzhen to Seattle.
San Francisco won its first championship just two years after winning only two games.
He also drafted quarterback Joe Montana from Notre Dame in the third round.
Walsh is survived by his wife Geri, his son Craig and his daughter Elizabeth.
Small work-type utility knives have also been used to commit robbery and other crimes.
Specialized blades also exist for cutting string, linoleum, and other materials.
These small knives feature light-duty blades best suited for cutting thin, lightweight materials.
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.
Bronze, or bronze-like alloys and mixtures, were used for coins over a longer period.
Bell bronze is used to make the tone rings of many professional model banjos.
The number of structures in the renewed Treaty has been reduced and thus simplified.
Under the Treaty the Union implies the co-operation of economic, financial and social policies.
Borges also wrote a controversial column asserting that Lance Armstrong is not an athlete.
This is made possible through donations from Herald readers and other sponsors.
Borges responded by striking Katz, who responded by striking at Borges with his cane.
Ban Johnson ordered him fined, suspended, and stripped of his captaincy.
His paternal grandparents were from Prussia and Hanover.
Besides, the President gets a four-year contract.
Some barges are not self-propelled and must be towed or pushed by towboats.
These towboats travel between ports and are also called line-haul boats.
These are often called 'pike poles'.
A few miles northwest in Leicestershire the slender "a" becomes more widespread generally.
One of these dialects, Late West Saxon, eventually came to dominate.
Troops were often used to storm enemy ships as used by Romans and pirates.
Anti-aircraft batteries are used much more extensively to defend against incoming aircraft than interceptors.
Capturing high ground, for example, has been the central strategy in innumerable battles.
She was returning to her California home following a holiday on Cape Cod.
Her elder sister, Marisa Berenson, became a well-known model and actress.
She also appeared in several motion pictures, including "Cat People" with Malcolm McDowell.
Biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy.
Botany originated as herbalism, the study and use of plants for their medicinal properties.
Ethnobotany is the study of the relationships between plants and people.
Like other members of the genus, all three are aerobes capable of producing endospores.
Phages replicate within the bacterium following the injection of their genome into its cytoplasm.
The base plates are assembled first, with the tails being built upon them afterward.
At high concentrations, bacteriostatic agents are often bactericidal against some susceptible organisms.
The ultimate guide to treatment of any infection must be clinical outcome.
I became interested in the possibilities of this technique, and I began experimenting myself.
Years later, he blamed other failures on the Breton incident.
The book later published under that title incorporates little of this material.
Conservative management is usually adequate for nonsuppurative lymphadenitis.
It may also be used in the treatment of some types of bladder cancers.
Serious side effects are rare.
The word "buteo" is Latin for a buzzard.
Pairs mate for life.
Rhenium and technetium form a range of oxyhalides from the halogenation of the oxide.
In the periodic table of the elements, it is a d-block transactinide element.
Bohrium has no stable or naturally occurring isotopes.
Olson was born Barbara Kay Bracher in Houston, Texas.
In that position, she led the Travelgate and Filegate investigations into the Clinton administration.
She was a resident of Great Falls, Virginia.
Barnard's Star shares much the same neighborhood as the Sun.
The affair has been discussed as part of a broader scientific review.
The last upper-case letter used in this way was "Q".
In Bayer's day, however, stellar brightness could not be measured precisely.
Within each magnitude class, Bayer made no attempt to arrange stars by relative brightness.
Its name is from the Arabic phrase for "club" or "staff".
Aratus described him circling the north pole, herding the two bears.
His own breach with the Roman Catholic Church was final.
Ochino's reputation among Protestants was low.
His dialogues on divorce and against the Trinity were also considered heretical.
Illegal sales of liquor accounted for many fortunes in and around Belleville.
The bassoon is even rarer as a regular member of rock bands.
The smallest finger operates three keys.
This prevents cracking, as low notes can sometimes crack into a higher octave.
Recent cheap and compact computing power has made two-legged robots more feasible.
Again, the whole-body kinetics are similar to animals with more limbs.
Humans usually take a breath every other stride when their aerobic system is functioning.
It became a self-sustaining process that proceeded without external help from manually entered instructions.
They assert that it has arisen via a groundswell of public opinion.
It is legitimate for these stories to be given coverage across all media platforms.
Proto-Baltic is then thought to have split into East Baltic and West Baltic branches.
The German linguist Schall attributed a South Baltic classification to the Dacian language.
This includes nucleotide and amino acid sequences, protein domains, and protein structures.
Historically, the term "bioinformatics" did not mean what it means today.
Protein localization is thus an important component of protein function prediction.
It's very Brechtian.
But once the thing starts, they just go with the way it's going.
The "Be Black, Baby" section of "Hi, Mom!
The Mitchell was an exceptionally sturdy aircraft that could withstand tremendous punishment.
It had the forward dorsal turret and other armament and airframe advancements.
Combat requirements lead to further developments.
He received a standing ovation as he stood waiting for his prize.
This record has since been held by Bobby Moore and Peter Shilton.
He then spent some time playing in South Africa.
Barry conveys this plan to the Chevalier, who flees in the night.
John Alcott won for Best Cinematography.
"Barry Lyndon" was also nominated for Best Film, Art Direction, and Costume Design.
The subunit protein of microfilaments is a small, monomeric protein called actin.
Flagella are organelles for cellular mobility.
The new polypeptide then folds into a functional three-dimensional protein molecule.
Benny is turned but Pike is saved by Merrick.
After overpowering the vampires, she confronts Lothos inside the school and kills Amilyn.
Lothos leaves, saying that Buffy is not ready.
It entails the use of a currency unit called a "trade-credit".
They are also the basis for more recent barter exchange systems.
All of these strategies are found in ancient economies including Ptolemaic Egypt.
Morisot's works are almost always small in scale.
Morisot was born in Bourges, France, into an affluent bourgeois family.
It's annoying that they are not men.
The student briefly became a focus of intense national attention.
The administration forced the student council to institute a dress code.
It takes place the- night before finals begin every semester.
He later founded the Abbey of Monte Cassino.
In many monasteries it eventually entirely displaced the earlier codes.
They were soon followed by Swiss sisters.
His army was considered one of the best in the Islamic world.
He sent out proclamations throughout the empire that the refugees were to be welcomed.
Both feet are parallel, and the right heel is off the ground.
Rearward motion involves lifting the rear leg and pushing with the lead leg.
The key to a swarmer is aggression, endurance, chin, and bobbing-and-weaving.
Australia is one of the countries where there is a large South Asian Diaspora.
Bollywood plots have tended to be melodramatic.
Advertisers say that a star endorsement boosts sales.
Bowls are played by the blind and paraplegic.
Provincial or national colours are often assigned in national and international competitions.
They have unique symbol markings engraved on them for identification.
The town is characterised by low population density.
The town remained the site of a "viguerie" until the French Revolution.
The followers of such divisions are regarded as Covenant-breakers and shunned, essentially excommunicated.
He also mentions that the Goths had previously defeated the Burgundians.
This new emperor proved unhelpful to Ricimer and the Burgundians.
Among them were the Alans, Vandals, the Suevi, and possibly some Burgundians.
Players take turns cutting a string.
The winner is the player with the most points.
The winner is the player who pockets the most coins.
When Winston Smith is later arrested, O'Brien repeats that Big Brother will never die.
When Winston asks Does Big Brother exist the same way I do?
There are numerous variations of binary search.
Sorting the array also enables efficient approximate matches and other operations.
This results in a faster comparison loop, but requires one more iteration on average.
She later collaborated with singer Mark Lanegan on three albums.
Another implementation is possible with Linux and iptables.
This reduces unnecessary traffic and collisions.
Nominally, only broadcast frames will be received by all other nodes.
The company began operations in an idle Cessna factory.
Textron has kept both the Beechcraft and Cessna names as separate brands.
Beech Factory Airport house Beechcraft's head office, manufacturing facility, and runway for test flights.
The high casualty rate exceeded all other amphibious operations during the Pacific War.
MacArthur's strategy was chosen.
Cave entrances were built slanted as a defense against grenade and flamethrower attacks.
The response by the "Wehrmacht" was both chaotic and indecisive.
Four Soviet armies were deployed against the remaining northern pocket.
The battle lasted five months, one week, and three days.
Traditionally Bodhidharma is credited as founder of the martial arts at the Shaolin Temple.
Conversely, the Japanese tradition generally regards Bodhidharma as Persian.
It allows for one to infer a biconditional from two conditional statements.
The rule makes it possible to introduce a biconditional statement into a logical proof.
Biconditional introduction is the converse of biconditional elimination.
It allows for one to infer a conditional from a biconditional.
Some new base pairs have been reported.
Hydrogen bonding is the chemical interaction that underlies the base-pairing rules described above.
Most intercalators are large polyaromatic compounds and are known or suspected carcinogens.
Enraged fans repeatedly chanted an obscenity at this penalty.
By far the team's biggest rival is the Pittsburgh Steelers.
They helped campaign for football to return to Baltimore after the Colts moved.
Griffin described the results as "disastrous".
Under Tyndall, the party operated with a skeleton organisation.
This idea, adopted from Powellism, was deemed more electorally palatable.
This centre was razed during the Batavian Revolt.
The Roman army retaliated and invaded the "insula Batavorum".
However, a disadvantage of this historical nationalism soon became apparent.
Orthodox likewise believe that baptism removes what they call the ancestral sin of Adam.
They believed what was important was spiritual grace itself.
Authority is passed down through a form of apostolic succession.
Bocce is traditionally played on natural soil and asphalt courts in length and wide.
At that point, the other side bowls its remaining balls.
Essentially, the technique he originated hasn't changed since.
The people themselves would do likewise.
Rituals were performed to protect the cattle, crops and people, and to encourage growth.
Some of the mixture was poured on the ground as a libation.
There has been no corroboration of this.
There are over thirty hotels in Bethlehem.
Bethlehem embroidery was renowned for its strong overall effect of colors and metallic brilliance.
He was the progenitor of the Israelite Tribe of Benjamin.
This caused Joseph to recant and reveal his identity.
Some classical rabbinical sources argue that Joseph identified himself for other reasons.
"It just wasn't right, so I left", Iommi said.
It was like 'Rehearse today?
They also play an annual preseason game against the Detroit Lions.
Both the blue and white jerseys featured red side panels.
Ferguson said Everyone we played had white helmets at that time.
Swiss engineer Christian Menn took over the design of the bridge.
They seized evidence that Aggregate delivered concrete that did not meet contract specifications.
This was the largest tunneling project undertaken beneath railway lines anywhere in the world.
The Septuagint gives an additional five generations in the genealogy of Anani.
He was well read, a skilled editor, and a sophisticated theologian.
Despite much discussion of this issue, no agreement has been reached.
Broadly speaking, nodes with children are harder to delete.
Traversal can also be implemented iteratively.
Insertion on internal nodes is slightly more complex than on leaf nodes.
There are a variety of different operations that can be performed on binary trees.
No space is wasted because nodes are added in breadth-first order.
Some authors require additional restrictions on the measure, as described below.
It is used as a method for proving joint convergence results.
Robinson jokingly remarked that Hugh Laurie's success on "House" may make that difficult.
It looked great, but it wasn't as consistently funny as we would have liked.
He also played a decidedly Flashheart-like Robin Hood in "Back and Forth".
Backgammon is sometimes available in casinos.
He describes an encounter between Burzoe and a Raja visiting from India.
Enthusiasts have formed clubs for social play of backgammon.
The Deuteronomistic history draws parallels in proper leadership between Moses, Joshua and Josiah.
The covenant-renewal ceremony led by Joshua was the prerogative of the kings of Judah.
The Book of Joshua is an anonymous work.
Although the content is substantially the same, the verses are numbered differently from Ezra.
A goat with a single horn appears from the west and destroys the ram.
In the second year of his reign Nebuchadnezzar has a dream.
Darius elevates Daniel to high office, exciting the jealousy of other officials.
The film also won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction.
The storyline ends with Batman and the Joker's supposed deaths.
The story shows Selina saving Bruce from Poison Ivy.
Frazee moved Ruth to stabilize Red Sox finances and cut distractions.
A week later, manager Joe Kerrigan was fired and was replaced by Grady Little.
But it happened in Boston and the nightly news had its hook.
The Why Not?
Pitching coach Ray Miller replaced Johnson.
The original homeland of the Bastarnae remains uncertain.
The Slavic influx was divided into two or three waves.
The manorial system sharply declined, as it did in Bavaria.
Klement Gottwald, the communist leader, became Prime Minister of a coalition government.
Adele Roberts also joined the weekday schedule line-up, hosting the Early Breakfast show.
Dan Howell and Phil Lester, famous YouTubers also joined the station.
It launched with an updated brand.
Usage of these boxes dwindled further as technology developed.
Originally only Radiotext was available.
A backplane uses plug-in cards for storage and processing.
Backplanes are commonly found in disk enclosures, disk arrays, and servers.
Any desired arbitration logic is placed on the daughter cards.
The baldric appears in the literary canon.
The early Islamic Arabs wore baldrics with their armor.
Many non-military or paramilitary organisations include baldrics as part of ceremonial dress.
The battalion had no reserves and was unable to close the gap.
Returning boomerangs fly and are examples of the earliest heavier-than-air man-made flight.
It is well known as a weapon used by Indigenous Australians for hunting.
An important distinction should be made between returning boomerangs and non-returning boomerangs.
Sesame oil is often used, which can cause allergic reactions such as vasculitis.
The larger the calorie deficit, the faster one will lose weight.
It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Health care providers and public health officers are among the first lines of defense.
Thus only the target might be affected adversely.
Further editing probably continued into the Hellenistic era.
His task is to rebuild the walls and to re-populate the city.
The capital of the empire is at Susa.
Likewise, Jeremiah's exclamation For I hear the whispering of many: Terror is all around!
The Book of Jeremiah grew over a long period of time.
Jeremiah's "confessions" are a type of individual lament.
Deutero-Isaiah addresses himself to the Jews in exile, offering them the hope of return.
This background forms the context of Trito-Isaiah.
Matrix multiplication is an example.
It generalizes to "n"-ary functions, where the proper term is "multilinear".
He suffered a pulmonary hemorrhage and died on the way to the hospital.
He was buried in Glen Oaks Cemetery, in Glendale, Wisconsin.
He wrote an autobiography "Beating the Field: My Own Story" co-written with Brian Scovell.
As the batsman started to walk back, captain Rahul Dravid declared the innings.
Lara holds several world records for high scoring.
Regular exercise helps ward off the weight gain to which the breed is prone.
Most dogs are bred specifically for this purpose, by companies such as Harlan.
Snoopy of the comic strip "Peanuts" has been called "the world's most famous beagle".
The boiling causes the leather to become harder but also more brittle.
Cuir bouilli has also been employed to bind books.
If it has been altered, the program exits with a segmentation fault.
Three such systems are Libsafe, and the "StackGuard" and "ProPolice" gcc patches.
Bonds endured a knee injury, multiple surgeries, and rehabilitation.
Selig called Bonds later that night to congratulate him on breaking the record.
Barry accompanied him to San Mateo County Superior Court.
The name of the book comes from the two censuses taken of the Israelites.
Preparations are then made for resuming the march to the Promised Land.
The land shall be divided by lot.
After a period of peace, the cycle recurs.
Saul's son and heir Jonathan befriends David and recognises him as rightful king.
For the remainder of his reign there are problems.
Some Bibles still preserve the old denomination, for example, Douay Rheims bible.
Possible allusions are described as mere echoes of their putative sources.
The victory would be achieved through Jesus Christ.
The other enemy he styled "vulgarity" and that was what he found in Revelation.
Solomon comes to the throne after David's death.
At the end, however, he follows other gods and oppresses Israel.
It is named after its central figure, Ruth the Moabitess, the great-grandmother of David.
This relative was called the go'el, the "kinsman-redeemer".
Others again have seen it as a book that champions outcast and oppressed peoples.
The numbering system for the additions differs with each translation.
She finds favour in the King's eyes, and is crowned his new queen.
There are certain elements of the book of Esther that are historically accurate.
Blackpool has the one remaining traditional tram system.
The numbers are calculated from September to August.
Heavy rail underground technology is used in the London and Glasgow Underground systems.
The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes in the national railway network.
The electric Liverpool Overhead Railway was also excluded from nationalisation.
Following sectorisation, InterCity became profitable.
The Eastern Orthodox Church reads from Job and Exodus during Holy Week.
Jewish interpretation of Job was initially positive.
Job, knowing he is innocent, concludes that God must be unjust.
The book is an anthology made up of six discrete units.
This section has parallels to prior cuneiform writings.
Lamentations consists of five distinct poems, corresponding to its five chapters.
The purpose or function of this form is unknown.
The book consists of five separate poems.
He appears to have spent the rest of his life in Mesopotamia.
The Greek version of these books is called the Septuagint.
This added a survivalist element to the show, increasing the potential for social tension.
On the other hand, some countries have multiple franchises based on language.
This was also done in Argentina's seventh season and Brazil's ninth season.
A new partly-artificial Desso pitch was laid and the current Dolman stand refurbished.
Swindon Town are seen by many as rivals, being nicknamed 'Swindle' by City fans.
Bill Gates has warned that bioterrorism could kill more people than nuclear war.
President Donald Trump promoted his first budget around keeping America safe.
Program costs rose throughout development.
The program was the subject of public controversy for its cost to American taxpayers.
The restored test aircraft is on display in the museum's "Cold War Gallery".
These scent mounts are established on the border of the territory.
They are dependent on them for food and for learning life skills.
Only a small amount of the lodge is actually used as a living area.
Bears' non-retractable claws are used for digging, climbing, tearing, and catching prey.
Predatory behaviour in bears is typically taught to the young by the mother.
During this time period, males try to prevent rivals from interacting with their mate.
They use their naturally molted feathers for religious and cultural ceremonies.
Today eagle-shooting is believed to be considerably reduced due to the species protected status.
Bald eagles are sexually mature at four or five years of age.
Brown bears are often not fully brown.
In Arctic areas, the potential habitat of the brown bear is increasing.
In conventional superconductors, an attraction is generally attributed to an electron-lattice interaction.
Within this potential, a variational ansatz for the wave function is proposed.
The contestant crossing the finish line first is the winner.
The modern biathlon is a civilian variant of the old military combined exercise.
The contestant with the shortest total time wins.
In more recent times, prepared frozen and tinned versions have become available.
While the band drove to the location, the producer set up a makeshift studio.
Fender Stratocasters were popular with country musicians; Holly chose it for its loud sound.
Fermentation tanks are typically made of stainless steel.
Most beer is fermented with a brewer's yeast and flavoured with hops.
One with loose holes, and the other with tight holes.
There is little evidence available from randomised studies to favour immediate or delayed reconstruction.
Similar provisions for coverage exist in most countries worldwide through national health care programs.
Breast reconstruction is a large undertaking that usually takes multiple operations.
These enzymes vary widely in their chemical structure and catalytic efficiencies.
Secularized and merged into Brandenburg.
Other people accompanying the jumper, such as ground crew, may also face charges.
The jumper may also not be facing the right direction.
The legal position is different at other sites and in other countries.
Beauty is studied as part of aesthetics, culture, social psychology, philosophy and sociology.
Standards of beauty have changed over time, based on changing cultural values.
On small timescales, inertial effects are prevalent in the Langevin equation.
Imagine this large balloon in a football stadium.
However the mathematical "Brownian motion" is exempt of such inertial effects.
Skateboarding and bicycling are also very popular in Barcelona.
Freight services operate to local industries and to the Port of Barcelona.
There are also many private schools, some of them Roman Catholic.
They are competing in the Russian second division.
China Bandy is mainly financed by private resources.
The referee alone signals the end of the match.
The novel would later receive critical acclaim, and is now considered Welsh's masterpiece.
The award has been criticised for the types of books it covers.
Judges are selected from amongst leading literary critics, writers, academics and leading public figures.
Other commentators, such as John Calvin, attach no great importance to the precise dating.
This allegorical interpretation was applied to the church by many church fathers.
See also works on the Minor Prophets as a whole.
Second, Hosea and his wife, Gomer, have a son.
Hosea's references to sexual acts being metaphors for Israelite 'apostasy'.
In this text, God's agony is expressed over the betrayal of Israel.
A sixth-century date for Obadiah is a "near consensus" position among scholars.
The date of composition must therefore be determined based on the prophecy itself.
While Jonah flees, God pursues.
Islam also tells the story of the Prophet Jonah in the Koran.
Little is known about Nahum's personal history.
He was a very nationalistic Hebrew, and lived amongst the Elkoshites in peace.
Massive walls were eight miles in circumference.
It is a short book, consisting of only two chapters.
The Book of Haggai is named after its presumed author, the prophet Haggai.
There is no biographical information given about the prophet in the Book of Haggai.
This request offers the opportunity for the people to amend their ways.
Thus, there is substantial debate regarding the identity of the book's author.
Although the Ezra theory is disputed, it remains the dominant authorship theory.
The name "Zechariah" means "God remembered.
Some scholars accept the book as the writings of one individual.
He will save them from their enemies and cleanse them from sin.
All that is known of Zephaniah comes from the text.
The day of the Lord tradition also appears in Isaiah, Ezekiel, Obadiah, and Joel.
God explains that He will also judge the Chaldeans, and much more harshly.
I cry out to you "Violence!" and will you not save?
I will be joyful in the God of my salvation!
Without the requirement for backward compatibility, a simpler method could have been chosen.
Opines are used by the bacteria as sources of nitrogen and energy.
The genetic information transferred is often beneficial to the recipient.
The genes that were transferred were then investigated.
The breeding period is highly seasonal, with eggs being recorded between October and March.
There is a strict hierarchy in groups, with the larger adult males being dominant.
After the dance, mating commences in around two weeks.
He began spreading rumors that he would be reappointed General Secretary.
The Parchamites were urban, richer, and spoke Dari more often than not.
Huayan metaphysics is influenced by Yogacara thought and is closer to idealism.
This shows that a virtuous and appropriate use of dialectics can take place.
It's the same thing as the antique furniture.
That's what creeps me out.
The characters of "The Big O" fit the "noir" and pulp fiction archetypes.
Each came with non-poseable figures of Roger, Dorothy and Angel.
"The Big O" was conceived as a media franchise.
Mebromi installs a rootkit which infects the master boot record.
The actual key depends on specific hardware.
Anyone who could switch on the computer could boot it.
Magnons, electron spin waves, can be controlled by a magnetic field.
In this limit, the gas is classical.
It is the work of Ken Thompson with Dennis Ritchie.
These innovations were not in the earliest versions of B.
B is typeless, or more precisely has one data type: the computer word.
If the radiation is especially intense, nonlinear optical processes can also cause variances.
In this case, there is scattering of radiation as well as absorption.
In such cases it is necessary to apply the Transfer-matrix method.
Wilson began a brief "Pet Sounds" tour with Jardine later that year.
My voice has a kind of calm sound.
It was Annie who later suggested that these letters might make good children's books.
Heelis and Son, a local firm of solicitors with offices in nearby Hawkshead.
All her farms were stocked with Herdwick sheep and frequently with Galloway cattle.
The policies of the New Liberalism are now known as social liberalism.
The New Liberals included intellectuals like L. T. Hobhouse, and John A. Hobson.
Other issues of the period included women's suffrage and the Irish Home Rule movement.
The Bank's Monetary Policy Committee has a devolved responsibility for managing monetary policy.
The busy road junction outside is known as Bank junction.
It also manages the country's foreign exchange and gold reserves.
It was also used for patriotic wartime jewelry.
The article emphasized that Bakelite came in various forms.
This was long before the New World genus "Phaseolus" was known in Europe.
Soluble fiber can help lower blood cholesterol.
They are distributed throughout the body of the breast.
In the United States, women who breast-feed in public can receive negative attention.
Beyond the outer wall was a water-filled moat.
The name of the town Baghdati in Georgia shares the same etymological origins.
The canals and dykes forming the city's irrigation system were also destroyed.
Branch of biology - subdiscipline of biology, also referred to as a biological science.
Note that biology and all of its branches are also life sciences.
It is part of the British Imperial system of units.
Chemical bond energies are often given in calories per mole of substance.
Because of this ambiguity, some authors have deprecated the use of the unit Btu.
Today, the name is owned by German automobile manufacturing group Volkswagen.
According to Bugatti, "weight was the enemy".
Bugatti's liquidators sold Lotus Cars to Proton of Malaysia.
Renewed religious fervour and fanaticism bloomed in the wake of the Black Death.
Estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy.
The plague bacterium could develop drug resistance and again become a major health threat.
Biotechnology has also enabled emerging therapeutics like gene therapy.
These have been engineered for resistance to pathogens and herbicides and better nutrient profiles.
These accounts contributed to Darwin's theory of natural selection.
Later, the Dauphin Charles offered to open negotiations, and Edward agreed.
The king handed him his right gauntlet, saying; "I yield me to you".
Where is my cousin the Prince of Wales?
The calves grow rapidly and can soon accompany their mothers in the nursery herds.
All bongos in captivity are from the isolated Aberdare Mountains of central Kenya.
Initial reports suggested that it was the skull of something unknown to science.
It inhabits the Murray; but ... they have some difficulty describing it.
Its most usual form ... is said to be that of an enormous starfish.
The city council consists of five members.
His "Hollywood Star" stands on a pedestal on King Street in downtown Boone.
Samaritan's Purse is based in Boone.
In Welsh folklore, a similar creature is known as the hag of the mist.
She also predicts death.
Hence why a banshee is also known as a wailing woman.
The insect stops eating within a few hours and eventually starves.
Monsanto has claimed it will not pursue farmers who retain seeds of off-patent varieties.
Nowadays and in isolation, practice of body substance isolation has just historical significance.
It was a part of the National Standards Curriculum for Prehospital Providers and Firefighters.
No historical records tell us what had happened to Boudica's two daughters.
However, when he died, his will was ignored, and the kingdom was annexed.
Boudica exhorted her troops from her chariot, her daughters beside her.
The Malaysian states of Sabah and Sarawak are both top exporters of timber.
To the south and east are islands of Indonesia: Java and Sulawesi, respectively.
Half of the annual global tropical timber acquisition comes from Borneo.
Loud's pen had a small rotating steel ball, held in place by a socket.
Bic pens struggled until the company launched its Writes The First Time, Every Time!
Though these pens are equipped with erasers, any eraser will suffice.
The company's history paralleled many of the major developments in computing.
At the same time, Burroughs was very much a competitor.
Later, Burroughs was selling more than adding machines, including typewriters.
Some models have very high thermal insulation properties, making them suitable for zero-energy buildings.
In Northwest Europe, bricks have been used in construction for centuries.
Each type is manufactured differently.
Additionally, there is some chamber music for strings.
He then did move out into a room in their pool house.
However this rumor was quickly debunked by Hanks.
"There were days we never saw him," said his daughter Martha Maria.
This species should, however, be the only ground-dwelling species in the aviary.
Plant sources include grass seeds, wild berries, partridge peas, and cultivated grains.
The Central American spot-bellied bobwhite looks very similar, but lacks black facial coloration.
Lithium reduces the risk of suicide, self-harm, and death in people with bipolar disorder.
Some studies have found a significant association between bipolar disorder and creativity.
Bipolar disorder can cause suicidal ideation that leads to suicidal attempts.
In his career, Lancaster produced twenty-three films, directed two and wrote for one.
He even helped to finance movies in whose artistic value he believed.
However, he still managed to continue acting.
They spoke an exclusive dialect, Baltic German.
It is more distantly related to the surviving Eastern Baltic languages, Lithuanian and Latvian.
The "character" switch or menu item turns this behaviour on or off.
This output typically is semi-transparent and may include other tape information.
It can also be used to denote abstract vectors and linear functionals in mathematics.
This is because of literal symbolic substitutions.
Many phenomena that are explained using quantum mechanics are usually explained using bra-ket notation.
Blue dye was also used to colour the cloth in which mummies were wrapped.
Blue became a colour worn by domestics and artisans, not just nobles.
A team from Toronto, Ontario, are the Blue Jays.
Unlike his contemporaries, he came to use twelve-string guitars exclusively.
Zion Baptist Church in Atlanta.
He learned to play the guitar in his early teens.
Some authors call this "internal coming-out".
Terminology for roles varies widely among the subcultures.
The text "Running" and "Stopped" refer to the Process state.
The last string is the command that started the process.
In a true whiteout there is no visible horizon.
It gets its name from the direction the wind is coming from.
It is unique for its intensity, massive size and wide-reaching effect.
Olympic gold medal winner Kerry Walsh said, I love our uniforms.
He sliced the top off Heim's bottoms.
However, the trend has raised some criticism as an attempt to sell sex.
Samarkand, his lifelong obsession, was lost again.
Babur wrote, During my stay in Tashkent, I endured much poverty and humiliation.
The movement found an ardent and powerful advocate in Peter Abelard.
Gerard of Clairvaux, Bernard's older brother, became the cellarer of Citeaux.
He also silenced the final supporters who sustained the schism.
Along or near it are many of the most important government buildings and universities.
"Braveheart" met with generally positive reviews.
In defending his script, Randall Wallace has said, Is Blind Harry true?
I don't know.
About this time he also began to write science fiction for various magazines.
After the war, he worked as a bookseller in Oxford.
In Britain, the first official news came from German wireless broadcasts.
The Kaiser announced a new chapter in world history.
Most of the British losses in tonnage occurred in Beatty's force.
"Sabali" is a Bambara word that means patience.
Bambara is spoken throughout Mali as a lingua franca.
Western-style clubs target younger, more energetic crowds.
There are some other faiths practiced among the different ethnic groups within the country.
It is still operating keeping its ancient atmosphere.
He states that a balalaika was made by peasants out of a pumpkin.
There have also been "descant" and "tenor" balalaikas, but these are considered obsolete.
Andreyev patented the design and arranged numerous traditional Russian folk melodies for the orchestra.
It is covered with glass curtain walls.
However, firm evidence of his marriage and children has not been found.
Jefferson's "old-fashioned" sound and confident musicianship made it easy to market him.
This was a common compensation for recording rights in that market.
Governor Spotswood used a portion of this to pay for the entire operation.
The two sloops moved slowly, giving Brand's force time to reach Bath.
Badly wounded, he was then attacked and killed by several more of Maynard's crew.
It is also self-hosting.
Bug tracking systems like Bugzilla readily describe how many "known" bugs are outstanding.
The songs tell personal stories of life in the wide open country of Australia.
The most famous blues ballads include those about John Henry and Casey Jones.
Many were sold by travelling chapmen in city streets or at fairs.
They were among the first acts to use lasers in performance.
Since the attacks, the damage has been repaired.
By the end of the decade, nearly the entire landfill had been developed.
The building's original developer was Olympia and York of Toronto, Ontario.
The discharge is often white or gray in color.
It is unclear if the use of probiotics or antibiotics affects pregnancy outcomes.
It also increases the risk of early delivery among pregnant women.
Can I say it any clearer than that?
One of the reporters then resumed filming and Rogers knocked him down again.
Much controversy surrounded Selig and his involvement in Bonds' all-time home run record chase.
Towards the end of the summer, for the reproductive season, the sexes necessarily commingle.
Lower-quality cuts suitable for hamburger and hot dogs have been described as "almost nonexistent".
Due to their size, bison have few predators.
The rules for classification are defined by the Particle Data Group.
Baryons, along with mesons, are hadrons, meaning they are particles composed of quarks.
The process by which baryons came to outnumber their antiparticles is called baryogenesis.
Some high-end embossers are capable of printing on normal paper.
Embossers can be either one-sided or two-sided.
Hence large publishers do not generally use thermoforms.
Greg Stafford and Lynn Willis are credited as the authors.
"Superworld", a superhero-themed game, began as a portion of the "Worlds of Wonder" set.
A quickstart booklet for new players accompanied it.
The tweak, along with the key, selects the permutation computed by the cipher.
The rotational cryptanalysis technique attempts to attack such round functions.
The exact transformation is controlled using a second input - the secret key.
To cope with increased demand for wireless broadband, increased spectrum would be needed.
This led to strong objections from the broadcasting community.
A wireless connection can be either licensed or unlicensed.
He could outlast most of his opponents under the most grueling conditions.
Inviting his most senior officers to dinner, Bonaparte asked them how they were.
Hastily launching their boats, they returned to their vessels.
Nelson collapsed into the arms of Captain Edward Berry and was carried below.
Barnabas is not mentioned again in the Acts of the Apostles.
Barnabas followed his example.
Saint Barnabas is venerated as the Patron Saint of Cyprus.
Sources are mainly archaeological remains.
The reasons for Birka's decline are disputed.
Adam himself never visited Birka.
Enzymes of both the families, nevertheless, are similar.
The other three groups are serine enzymes that show little homology to each other.
His government was recognized by many countries, as well as the United Nations.
Four other members of Afghanistan's High Peace Council were also killed in the blast.
Although technical problems occurred, they were relatively minor and quickly solved.
All three of the airframe proposals shared a number of features.
Passenger, freighter and combination passenger-freighter versions of the were produced.
Henry the Fifth led his troops into battle and participated in hand-to-hand fighting.
Other benefits to the English were longer term.
The battle remains an important symbol in popular culture.
Ancient empires valued luxury goods in contrast to staple foods, leading to famine.
It was Egypt's most prosperous time and marked the peak of Egypt's power.
The rich Wessex culture developed in southern Britain at this time.
Spencer Kelly presents the technology news programme "Click".
Declan Curry presented "Your Money", a weekly round-up on a Saturday morning.
"Sunday Morning Live" and alternate programming now fill this slot.
The show was set in an international space station in the near future.
A video message from Tim Brooke-Taylor and Graeme Garden was shown during the performances.
He then studied English Literature at Pembroke College, University of Cambridge.
In Yonkers, Broadway passes historic Philipse Manor house, which dates back to colonial America.
On the next block is the Manhattan School of Music.
Walker, the first African-American millionaire, is along the highway here.
This is called pre-warping the filter design.
This is a modified version of Tustin's transform shown above.
The show features Boitano preparing meals for his friends.
Boitano returned to the professional ranks afterwards.
Boitano also appeared in "Carmen on Ice", for which he won an Emmy.
About a half of job cuts will be done in railway technology unit.
Bombardier also manufactures the Global Express and the Challenger business jet.
He worked alongside his eldest son Germain, who shared his father's mechanical talents.
It can be used to pause some computer games.
In most Windows environments, the key combination brings up the system properties.
The resulting noise got the sending operator's attention.
Axle to spring connection was again with fitted roller bearings.
However, now two coil springs rather than one were fitted per wheel.
The axle boxes had a cast-steel equaliser beam or bar resting on them.
Only one steel company, Richard Thomas and Baldwins, remained in public ownership throughout.
Other traditional steelmaking areas faced cutbacks.
During the strike the "Battle of Orgreave" took place at British Steel's coking plant.
These companies were merged and rebranded as British Telecom.
It also acquired the second largest telecoms operator in the Italian business market, Albacom.
At the time, this was the largest share issue in the world.
A tower house was built on the estate by the Gordons.
The royal couple took great interest in their staff.
Victoria Eugenie would become the queen of Spain.
They have gained fame owing to their high level of results in school exams.
Percentage of pupils in bilingual education per department.
Some original media are created in Breton.
Often they are at key strategic points.
Brochs are often referred to as "duns" in the west.
A precise definition for the word has proved elusive.
Crystal returned to New York City.
For four years he was part of a comedy trio with two friends.
Crystal has participated in the Simon Wiesenthal Center Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles.
This is supported by numerical simulations.
However, it has never been directly observed for a black hole.
In both cases, the singular region has zero volume.
Most naturally occurring nuclides on earth are beta stable.
"Ordinary" double beta decay results in the emission of two electrons and two antineutrinos.
The Germans followed their initial success with Operation Red, a triple-pronged offensive.
In Operation Dynamo some French and British troops escaped.
Following the retirement of Kerr, Digby took over as Editor-in-Chief of both titles.
There were events for children throughout August.
The website address was looped inside the "O".
Bees navigate using spatial memory with a "rich, map-like organization".
Some solitary bees have advanced types of pollen-carrying structures on their bodies.
Apart from honey and pollination, honey bees produce beeswax, royal jelly and propolis.
In this sense, Christianity arrived "early".
They typically related to a geographical orientation or other locally meaningful identifying features.
Bookkeeping is usually performed by a bookkeeper.
In its simplest form, this is a three-column list.
The purpose was to document daily transactions including receipts and expenditures.
However, there are heuristic methods that usually give an adequate approximation for practical purposes.
The "smooth curve" feature of charts in Microsoft Excel also uses this algorithm.
Higher degree curves are more computationally expensive to evaluate.
However, this is not the case all the time.
The binomial theorem also holds for two commuting elements of a Banach algebra.
I can't stand poetry.
At the time, Pasternak had also been regularly attending Russian Orthodox Divine Liturgy.
Several of Pasternak's characters are composites.
Therefore, any integer linear combination of binomial coefficient polynomials is integer-valued too.
Roundoff error may cause the returned value to not be an integer.
Continuing this way we can see that the equation above holds.
They have two daughters, Chandler and Haviland.
The family lives in the Atlanta area.
She is currently an assistant professor in literacy education at Georgia State University.
Campbell's next book, Make Love!
He has an older brother, Don, and an older half-brother, Michael Rendine.
He is of Scottish descent.
Boy bands are similar in concept to their counterparts, girl groups.
It paved the way for more Asian boy bands such as Arashi.
The key factor of a boy band is being trendy.
There are two popular strategies for deletion from a B-tree.
Likewise, the smallest element in the right subtree is still greater than the separator.
The term leaf is also inconsistent.
In spite of dirt and disruption the collections grew, outpacing the new building.
Profits from their sales goes to support the British Museum.
Another often overlooked highlight is Yemeni antiquities, the finest collection outside that country.
The theorem is true even more generally: alternativity suffices in place of associativity.
For other values of "r", the series typically has infinitely many nonzero terms.
Induction yields another proof of the binomial theorem.
In recent years, retailers have expanded deals to "Boxing Week".
In Canada, Boxing Day is a federal statutory holiday.
This practice has also been followed for decades in Guyana and Italy.
One of the world's largest ship breaking yards is located on the coast.
Other hot areas include Turbat and Dalbandin.
In the Lasbela District, the majority of the population speaks Lasi.
Unable to make bail, he escaped from jail once, but was returned to custody.
The following day, they had Tweed arrested.
Son of a third-generation Scots-Irish chair-maker, Tweed grew up on Cherry Street.
There was an immediate two-thirds reduction in street and window prostitution.
It is also home to diverse communities from across the Commonwealth.
This was opposed by residents and a local police inspector.
It is now known as Bunge Limited.
This was subsequently exposed as a hoax.
It has remained popular since then.
Citi Field now uses a new apple, one that is much larger than original.
On his return to his company, he was promoted to Sergeant.
He continued working as a preacher and attended revival meetings frequently.
Colonel Conger asked who had shot Booth.
Various orthographies have been used to transcribe the Berber languages.
Berber is a member of the Afroasiatic language family.
In Algeria, for example, a majority of the population consists of Arabised Berbers.
Debtors may now retain occupational pensions while in bankruptcy, except in rare cases.
A. Richards, which was considered a standard work on semantics.
The Blissymbol method has been used in Canada, Sweden, and a few other countries.
It also helps when implementing Blissymbolics using technology such as computers.
The Bessel functions have the following asymptotic forms.
See also the subsection on Hankel functions below.
Depending upon the circumstances, however, various formulations of these solutions are convenient.
There are no important dialectical differences.
Nearly all live in Pakistan, mainly in the province of Balochistan.
It has been influenced by the Iranian languages spoken in the area, especially Balochi.
These three products all share a common ancestry and are currently under active development.
The record and its key can both be up to four gigabytes long.
That request led to the creation of Sleepycat Software.
It can achieve super linear speed-ups on important classes of problems.
This can be checked in linear time.
Different sets of allowed boolean operators lead to different problem versions.
The word "Bohemian" has never been widely used by the local Czech population.
Ethnic boundaries in Bohemia were not always sharp, and people very often were bilingual.
We did not live up to your expectations.
So it makes sense for them to want to be there.
However, Jones's move to Cleveland proved extraordinarily advantageous.
The countries continue to commemorate this occasion on Anzac Day.
Britain quickly invaded and occupied most of Germany's overseas colonies in Africa.
Nauru was made a combined mandate of Britain and the two Pacific Dominions.
Jon Peters wanted to use a Nike product placement with the Batsuit.
Nicholson had what was known as an "off-the-clock" agreement.
Michael Keaton is a guy with average build, he stated.
Jack LaLanne has a cameo as a man on a rooftop with bikini-clad women.
It is revealed the yacht was really a projection.
After Batman dislodges it with bat-shark repellent, the shark explodes.
Burton wanted to make sure that the penguins felt comfortable.
The Penguin holds court in a penguin-crowded, "Phantom of the Opera"-like sewer home.
Schumacher admitted he had difficulty working with Kilmer on "Forever".
The film was mostly shot at Warner Brothers Studios in Burbank, California.
The film stars Chris O'Donnell, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey.
Bruce invites the orphaned Dick to stay at Wayne Manor.
Peter David and Alan Grant wrote separate novelizations of the film.
The movie premiered at Comic-Con, with a Catwoman short shown in October.
While leaving home, Gordon spots a motorcyclist enter his garage.
Bruce leaps over the railing and saves the baby.
Isolates can be nested, and may be placed within embeddings and overrides.
The weak directionality only applies to the placement of the number in its entirety.
It can itself be proved using mathematical induction, as shown below.
This generalization can be proved by comparing derivatives.
The class was an evolutionary development from the earlier of fleet ballistic missile submarine.
Having quieter machinery and other improvements, it is considered a separate class.
Several collections of the stories have been published as books.
The pairing was an overnight success.
At about the age of four he contracted polio, which incapacitated his leg.
Surgery funded by the March of Dimes enabled McGhee to walk.
These organizations are also commonly referred to by their French initialisms.
The bridge was finally called Saint-Esprit.
Bayonne has few such industries, as indicated in the previous tables.
A dozen bullfights are held each year, attracting the biggest names in bullfighting.
The success of the series spawned several sequel series.
The main antagonist is Genom, a megacorporation with immense power and global influence.
This idea then became the basis for Tenchi.
Legally the definition varied from state to state.
Male slaves were castrated in order to serve as harem guards.
During the apartheid era, those classed as "Coloured" were oppressed and discriminated against.
Unfortunately, his references are scattered and brief.
Aerosolized pneumonic plague remains the most significant threat.
Samuel K. Cohn has made a comprehensive attempt to rebut the bubonic plague theory.
The desired letters or figures characters are then typed.
According to some sources, the Null code point was reserved for country-internal usage only.
It can be swallowed without harm and is noncarcinogenic.
It is non-soluble and is denser than water.
The spelling now used is without the hyphen.
Colonies are usually large, spreading, and irregularly shaped.
Several studies have tried to reconstruct the phylogeny of the genus.
Like most Brazilian cities, Brasilia has a good network of taxi companies.
The bill was not enacted because Pedro the First dissolved the Assembly.
South Africa was no longer a member of the Commonwealth.
Using Blue Streak as an additional stage would have increased Black Arrow's payload capacity.
Several different third stages would be available, depending on the required payload and orbit.
It aroused vitriolic comments from Nigerian officials and the Nigerian media alike.
Bakassian leaders threatened to seek independence if Nigeria renounced sovereignty.
Bestiaries were organized in different ways based upon the text.
However, the texts gave no distinction between existing and imaginary animals.
The Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci also made his own bestiary.
The single sold more than nine million copies; the album, more than two million.
Barry Sadler, beginning when he was training to be a Special Forces medic.
See the article on English country dance for more information.
The standard modern introduction is Hilton.
This production propelled the career of William Christie and his ensemble Les Arts Florissants.
A fully fenced yard is a necessity for maintaining any sighthound.
The borzoi is a quiet, but athletic and independent dog.
Correct nutrition during puppyhood is also debatable for borzois.
An article published called The Intelligence of Dogs by Stanley Coren, Ph.D. questions this.
A Basenji's eyes are typically almond-shaped.
The Basenji tends to become emotionally attached to a single human.
Rabbi Tendler recommends the use of an analgesic cream.
The practice has become a controversy in both secular and Jewish medical ethics.
A common approach to remedying discrimination is affirmative action.
Law is retroactive.
Such an argument would be completely circular.
Each Sector Board in turn constitutes several Technical Committees.
It is mainly applicable to safety and quality management standards.
Because of their reference material status standards are not available for interlibrary loan.
Building societies offer banking and related financial services, especially savings and mortgage lending.
Building societies converting to banks are no longer required to demutualise.
Members' mutual rights were exchanged for shares in this new company.
Elliots guidance system was plagued by accuracy problems delaying test flights.
Blue Steel required up to seven hours of launch preparation, and was highly unreliable.
The missile was fitted with a state-of-the-art inertial navigation unit.
The events at Waco spurred criminal prosecution and civil litigation.
Koresh had an affair with the then-prophetess of the Branch Davidians Lois Roden.
However, George Roden and Koresh began to clash.
Rooms in the Lower Houses are more expensive, however.
The building is an extravagant Neo-Gothic work with turrets, gargoyles, and battlements.
The lower houses have only been partially upgraded.
Benzodiazepines are commonly misused and taken in combination with other drugs of abuse.
Benzodiazepines can be useful for short-term treatment of insomnia.
Taking benzodiazepines with alcohol, opioids and other central nervous system depressants potentiates their action.
A better measure was found to be the waist-to-height ratio.
A related indicator is waist circumference divided by height.
Because of this the standards have varied over the past few decades.
Diodorus also writes of "Bagistanon" and claims it was inscribed by Semiramis.
The supine figure is reputed to be the pretender Gaumata.
He went mad, threw his axe down the hill, kissed the ground and died.
He delivered a captivating acceptance speech.
Can you imagine that?
Because of President Johnson's popularity, Goldwater refrained from attacking the president directly.
Moments before "Baralong" began her attack, the submarine was firing on the freighter.
Unofficially, we are telling you... take no prisoners from U-boats.
He still had his life-jacket on and put up his arms in surrender.
He launched the prize partly as a means to promote Lulu.
He continues to serve on its board as Chairman.
He received a Bachelor of Arts from Victoria College at the University of Toronto.
They actually didn't go back and retransfer the shows.
Wars between separate alien civilizations are featured.
The question the Shadows ask is What do you want?
It was first written to run on BeBox hardware.
Nowadays TuneTracker has switched to Haiku.
Whittaker based his approach on theoretical assertions and empirical sampling.
However, in some contexts, the term biome is used in a different manner.
Both includes many biomes in fact.
Health behaviors are direct factors in maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
After this has been identified, the consumer will purchase the product.
There are two main theories to explain this.
And when Miltiades realized that, he attacked and thus won.
Among the dead were the war archon Callimachus and the general Stesilaos.
Economies such as Japan and Germany which have savings surpluses, typically run trade surpluses.
A higher savings rate generally corresponds to a trade surplus.
The two joined words are "bio" and "sphere".
Temperature increases with increasing depth into the Earth's crust.
Herbivorous animals at these elevations depend on lichens, grasses, and herbs.
Glycolipids provide the most extreme example of asymmetry in the lipid bilayer.
They play an important role in the immune response and protection.
Most organelles are defined by such membranes, and are called "membrane-bound" organelles.
B. M. Hertzog and Canada's Prime Minister at that time, William Lyon Mackenzie King.
Unlike the declaration itself, the Mandate was legally binding on the British Government.
The publication of the intent galvanized Zionism, which finally had obtained an official charter.
The British appointed Sykes as Chief Political Officer to the Egyptian Expeditionary Force.
The Serbian government was fairly well informed of Black Hand activities.
The charges were unrelated to the events of Sarajevo.
In response, Austria-Hungary recalled its ambassador.
These ex-officio members have all the same rights as the other board members.
Details on how they can be removed are usually provided in the bylaws.
Directorship is a part-time job.
Most of their available forces were allocated to these fronts.
The Greek army was exhausted and faced logistical difficulties.
Genetic engineering techniques have found success in numerous applications.
The Polytechnique in Montreal is also offering a bachelors's degree in biomedical engineering.
The study of biomaterials is called biomaterials science or biomaterials engineering.
Albania on the other hand gravitated toward Communist China, later adopting an isolationist position.
A reverse name scheme has also been suggested.
Ensuing events also led to the creation of an independent Albanian state.
There was no mention of it any place.
The great change came from Moseley.
Bombay Sapphire has been reviewed by several outside spirit ratings organizations to mixed success.
The brand started a series of design collaborations.
Wills himself largely sang blues and sentimental ballads.
The documentary will be titled Still the King.
Other films would follow.
The database does not reveal the actual passwords or keylogged data.
He remains one of the most popular public figures of Turkey.
However, this name was erased just before he attended the primary school.
In this period, his key visual and musical influence was Elvis Presley.
Since then, Blitz compilers have been released on several platforms.
Development continues to this day under the name AmiBlitz.
See below for the same example written in BlitzMax.
Being overly pragmatic or simply alphabetical, would be inadequate.
Much of the Bliss stacks remain, however, as no-one has re-cataloged the books.
The case was different, however, in Britain.
This is not true for alcohol, however.
This rate varies considerably between individuals.
The list below gives limits by country.
This means that solicitors are restricted from doing so.
Most applications after successful completion of the requirement, are accepted.
John Doe' for a medical doctor.
James J. Archer and Joseph R. Davis.
Ewell interpreted his orders as calling only for a cannonade.
Some preservation successes have emerged in recent years.
It is lagered with beechwood chips in the aging vessel.
Budweiser is licensed, produced and distributed in Canada by Labatt Breweries of Canada.
Budweiser is brewed using barley malt, rice, water, hops and yeast.
The flight never returned to base.
We don't know where we are, the water is green, no white.
There are obvious cognates in other Indo-European languages.
These Boroughs are divided in neighborhoods.
Other large cites are usually divided into districts, or stadsdelen, for census purposes.
There is an active running club: Bodmin RoadRunners.
Their home ground is at Priory Park.
Halgaver is in the parish of Lanhydrock.
Granite quarrying only became reasonably productive when gunpowder became available.
To the south-east Kilmar Tor and Caradon Hill are the most prominent hills.
Farther from the university campus, the influence of the university quickly becomes less visible.
Soon afterwards, other developers also began building in Berkeley.
Some of the slide activity itself, however, results from movement on the Hayward Fault.
It is situated in Altarnun civil parish between Launceston and Bodmin.
It is now a tourist attraction in its own right and dominates the hamlet.
The region has a monsoon climate, which the Bengali calendar divides into six seasons.
The flat and fertile Bangladesh Plain dominates the geography of Bangladesh.
The region is the crossroads of Bengal and northeast India.
Thus, it is not your own train moving, but the neighboring train.
However, his real position was that motion is absolute.
All observers agree that the surface of rotating water is curved.
The text of this Psalter is that commonly known as the Gallican.
Neale and others.
Upon delivering a correct answer, the learner would be rewarded.
Many years later, Kenneth MacCorquodale's reply was endorsed by Skinner.
Skinner's behavioral theory was largely set forth in his first book, "Behavior of Organisms".
Macy portrayed a demon in a guest appearance on "Millennium".
He also appeared on the short-lived sitcom "Back to You".
Knight's coaching also included a firm emphasis on academics.
Knight was an innovator of the motion offense, which he perfected and popularized.
Knight's offense also emphasized a two-count.
Horde called its music "holy unblack metal" and Antestor preferred the term "sorrow metal".
They were often speed metal or thrash metal bands.
In Sweden, this included Marduk, Dissection, Nifelheim and Abruptum.
Mike Morhaime accepted the award.
He was one of the most important figures in the Counter-Reformation.
Bellarmine supported the reform decrees of the Council of Trent.
McMullin himself emphatically rejects that view as untenable.
The genre is further characterized by a number of formal, topical, and thematic features.
The genre translates fairly directly into cinematic form, the coming-of-age film.
The genre often features a main conflict between the main character and society.
Some Athenian laws were similar.
Over time, some punishments developed into no more than a teasing game.
Listed chronologically by date of birth.
The doses from the accidents at Mayak are unknown.
These radioactive particles are inhaled and remain lodged in the lungs, causing continued exposure.
This includes both offsite "natural background radiation" and any medical radiation doses.
Sometimes, however, his motives are unclear, and some critics question his purity.
Banquo's role in the coup that follows the murder is harder to explain.
Many scholars see Banquo as a foil and a contrast to Macbeth.
The table below illustrates the different names for equivalent units.
The British Army historically included many units from what are now separate Commonwealth "realms".
Colonial Militias defended colonies single-handedly at first against Indigenous peoples and European competitors.
Each of these methods has been useful in Bayesian practice.
The quest for "the universal method for constructing priors" continues to attract statistical theorists.
He subsequently became sole proprietor of the Eagles, but the franchise suffered financially.
Thereafter, Bell regularly engaged in football games with childhood friends.
Bell became the Steelers head coach and Rooney became the general manager.
Costas once appeared on the television program, "NewsRadio", as himself.
That doesn't mean repeal the Second Amendment.
It means sensible and more comprehensive gun control legislation.
These five parties achieved the number of councillors necessary to form a parliamentary group.
Local public transport within Bamberg relies exclusively on buses.
This society still maintains the whole property today.
The more he played it for comedy, the more Irwin Allen liked it.
The same year, Mumy starred as little Jackie in the episode Bang!
He was a minor official in the local courts.
The first commercially successful emerald synthesis process was that of Carroll Chatham.
The name originates from Goshen, Massachusetts, where it was originally discovered.
Trading firms are traditionally well represented in the Basel Region.
As rabbits, player characters are faced with dangers mirroring those in the real world.
'Who on earth would want to roleplay a rabbit?
He indicated that he hoped to one day work on the official supplement.
The advertisements have been cited as a favourite among Australia's youth.
The Big Bundy Bottle is also outside of the bondstore.
Bundaberg Rum has been distinguished with numerous awards.
The gully's top wall was the refuse pit for the now-disused summit observatory.
Its form has been extensively shaped by glaciation.
Often, individuals have had one or more major depressive episodes.
Drug screening includes recreational drugs, particularly synthetic cannabinoids, and exposure to toxins.
Some antidepressants, like venlafaxine, have been found to precipitate a manic episode.
The women in the family were exiled in Kingston, Jamaica.
This yeast gives Bacardi rum its flavour profile.
Miami citizens began a campaign to label the buildings as "historic".
Those who returned to civilian life sometimes had problems re-integrating.
The term can still stir bad reactions because of their remembered brutality.
His body was found in a bog in Barna a week later.
For any burner lamp, it was desirable to maximize the temperature and minimize luminosity.
Bunsen burners are now used in laboratories all around the world.
A Bunsen burner is also regularly used in microbiology labs to work sterile.
Whale-watching, principally blue whales, is also carried out south of Sri Lanka.
This racing behavior may even escalate to physical violence between the males.
The blue whale is the largest animal known to have ever lived.
Throughout the century, the Party adopted a number of different names.
This group became known as "ultimatists" and was generally allied with the recallists.
Fifty soldiers were captured.
During this fight Raveneck was wounded.
He had considerable personal and financial worries.
It can be done, you know.
He taught me everything about typography.
Blackridge lies in the municipalities of Wilkinsburg, Penn Hills and Churchill.
It maintains a Civic Association and a private park and swim club for residents.
This core is theoretically enough for everyday life.
Ogden's associate I.
A. Richards promoted its use in schools in China.
Triggers and throws permit speedy adjustment while playing.
Alternatives to brass include other alloys containing significant amounts of copper or silver.
A few specialty instruments are made from wood.
Massacres of Jews at London and York soon followed.
He urged people not to succumb to "myths" such as the blood libel.
Fifteen local Jews were sentenced to death and burned.
Professor Yaffle was created as the Bookend who had access to "facts".
The programmes were made using stop-frame animation.
They thought it was too frightening and asked for a non-human instead.
Some of these have been described informally above and many others are possible.
In everyday mathematics the best choice may be informal use of axiomatic set theory.
There is some confusion as to the nature of murmured phonation.
In that model, murmur is a compound phonation of approximately modal voice plus whisper.
Gujarati is unusual in contrasting murmured vowels and consonants: 'twelve', 'outside', 'burden'.
Felix was the series' only character to ever call Banacek by his first name.
Banacek's success as an investigator allowed him to live well.
The complication ended any chance of reviving "Banacek" during Peppard's lifetime.
They serve three to four years in the squadron.
My objective was to beat the Army Air Corps.
It is nearly identical to the current design.
He questions: How can a man re-enter his mother's womb?
The phrase consistently referred to baptism in the early Church.
It would be naive to think otherwise.
The new Soviet actions revealed that the military lacked capability outside these narrow confines.
This would also make any low-level penetration aircraft "visible" and easy to attack.
Future precision munitions include the Small Diameter Bomb.
It also used the Revised Common Lectionary.
Its use was destined for the universities.
Order One follows the pattern of modern liturgical scholarship.
"Suburi", literally "bare swinging," are solo cutting exercises.
Bob Maitland also had notable success by winning the Independent National Championship.
The combine was never adequately balanced or co-ordinated.
The riders also enjoyed success on the individual stages of the race.
Since its invention, Bovril has become an icon of British culture.
The brand is now owned by Unilever.
That's a rule of life.
These conversion formulas express an inverse relation between the Bernoulli and the Euler numbers.
A generalization of these congruences goes by the name of -adic continuity.
This game was one of the first to feature multiple endings.
They return to normal if either player loses a life.
The brothers return to normal and are reunited with their parents and girlfriends.
Standard Blackwood enables one partner to count partnership aces and kings in general.
As result, a reasonable grand slam in diamonds was missed.
In Roman Blackwood, the responses are even more ambiguous, but more space-conserving.
Though he received average grades, he also competed in high-school speech tournaments regionally.
He had also appeared with Dawson on "Cop-Out".
His ashes were scattered in the Pacific Ocean, near Maui, like his grandfather's.
The desire to wander, known as "trekgees", was a notable characteristic of the Boers.
An internet-based radio station, "Boerevolk Radio", serves as a mouthpiece for Boer separatists.
We just sold our farms and set out northwestwards to find a new home.
The star hangs from its ribbon by a rectangular metal loop with rounded corners.
Both badges required a recommendation by the commander and a citation in orders.
Print media played a large role in the early history of the settlement.
Ballarat lies at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range in Central Western Victoria.
The Harness Racing centre is considered to be among the best in Australia.
The Romans were heavily defeated in the ensuing battle.
Two factors had contributed to growing unrest in the area north of Danube.
He allegedly said, Let no one mourn.
A few Cossack regiments managed to retreat in order though.
Religion, ethnicity, and economics factored into this discontent.
His expedition to Halychyna had failed because of mutiny within his army.
He currently lives in Florida.
In that same year he married Barbara Berson Rose.
At "Analog", Bova won six Hugo Awards for Best Professional Editor.
The boat crews were re-formed into three additional infantry battalions.
Shuri Castle had been shelled by the battleship for three days before this advance.
Subsidiary landings followed, and the Kerama group was secured over the next five days.
Additionally, the Dominican Republic requested America's help.
Although order was restored, tensions remained on both sides of the conflict.
A bain-marie is also used to melt ingredients for cooking.
Typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working fluid.
The device's invention has been popularly attributed to Mary the Jewess, an ancient alchemist.
One of the most important villages is Gavoi.
The area is full of hard hills, and there is little human presence.
The team finished ninth in the Constructors' Championship.
The aircraft went through several alterations in each of its design stages and variants.
The "D" model was later deemed an obsolescent design.
Considerable damage was inflicted on the vessel.
"Trieste" was designed by the Swiss scientist Auguste Piccard and originally built in Italy.
"Trieste", after the bathyscaphe.
Power was provided by batteries.
Reginald was taken prisoner in the melee.
Philippe Auguste gave battle.
His army quickly retreated.
The causes of mutual dissatisfaction between the two had been continually accumulating.
He postulates that Antony knew he was surrounded and had nowhere to run.
Such an affair was doomed to become a political scandal.
This allows for detailed visualization of cellular activity, circulation, metastasis and many other phenomena.
Zebrafish embryos have proven to be a rapid, cost-efficient, and reliable teratology assay model.
The public dress up in traditional Ethiopian patriotic attire.
Public opinion in Italy was outraged.
The maximum can be visualized as a barrier between them.
By mathematical arguments, the maximum must lie between the two minima.
Examples are anterior-posterior and dorso-ventral axis formation and eye development.
But it is not the end of the world.
His videos focus on environmental science.
The government continued to seek a sponsor for the proposed institution.
They quickly stormed the island and attacked Belgica Castle at sunrise.
The butchering and beheadings were carried out by the Japanese for the Dutch.
There are seven inhabited islands and several that are uninhabited.
The game marked the retirement of veterans Kevin Walters and Michael Hancock.
Club legend Allan Langer retired mid-season, perhaps as a result of the team's form.
The team plays its home games at the South Pine Sports Complex in Brendale.
The club is based at the Gabba.
The team is captained by Dayne Beams and coached by Chris Fagan.
Brigadier Pat MacLellan was the operational commander and issued orders from Ebrington Barracks.
There is no doubt, there is nothing equivocal, there are no ambiguities.
Two people were knocked down by the vehicles.
Bruno spent five months there and baptized some thirty adults.
It was said that Braunsberg was named after Saint Bruno.
There he went to the places that Saint Adalbert of Prague had attended.
The song Who Do You Love?
Wood hired Tom Mason, his wife's chiropractor, to double for Lugosi in additional shots.
Weeks cited actress Clara Bow as the "other woman".
He later based his last name on his hometown.
This version is also available from Amazon Video on Demand.
They leave the swamp while, Strowski drives a rented car to the swamp.
He has decided to use her as the next subject of his experiments.
It can be proven that the Kolmogorov complexity is not computable.
Terms of this kind give rise to vicious circle fallacies.
Medalists in military patrol, a precursor to biathlon, are listed separately.
The number of events has grown significantly over the years.
She should stop now.
A payment plan was also offered.
I asked for fresh air.
Belfast has the highest concentration of Irish speakers in Northern Ireland.
The majority of the animals are in danger in their natural habitat.
For elections to the European Parliament, Belfast is within the Northern Ireland constituency.
Under cross-polarized light biotite can generally be identified by the gnarled bird's eye extinction.
Biotite is an essential phenocryst in some varieties of lamprophyre.
The policy was difficult for many in the church.
It is believed that he died of peritonitis from a ruptured appendix.
He later received a pardon from Buchanan.
When the meal reaches the coffee stage, various speeches and toasts are given.
Formal suppers follow a standard order.
The courses normally use traditional Scottish recipes.
Somebody had to.
His citizenship award was in Winchester and he now holds dual nationality.
He met a nurse there named Cynthia Billen, whom he married.
This new line-up featured two guitarists.
However this track was not included on the soundtrack.
This last was disputed by Napier in court without success.
They sold rolling chassis, near-complete from the instrument panel forward.
Crewe also had extensive open farming land.
The following schema is from the third edition of "Vertebrate Palaeontology".
Craniates, one of the three subdivisions of chordates, all have distinct skulls.
The Mid Cambrian fossil "Rhabdotubus johanssoni" has been interpreted as a pterobranch hemichordate.
Theron was an honoured guest along with Halle Berry and keynote speaker James Cameron.
Theron's mother then shot and killed him.
She lives in Los Angeles.
His brilliant, energetic attacking style was typical for the time.
These new rules quickly spread throughout western Europe.
The game was played more for art than theory.
Chaplin was portrayed by Robert McClure in both productions.
He soon developed the Tramp persona and formed a large fan base.
It was re-interred in the Corsier cemetery surrounded by reinforced concrete.
Other companies-such as Skyhorse Publishing-also print a paper edition.
It is also available for download for use off-line.
These entities can be divided into categories.
The term "country" is frequently used to refer to sovereign states.
The degree of autonomy of non-sovereign countries varies widely.
It is also home to the Royal Danish Ballet.
Life science is a key sector with extensive research and development activities.
Several financial institutions and banks have headquarters in Copenhagen, including Alm.
Combinatorial aspects of dynamical systems is another emerging field.
Combinatorial optimization is the study of optimization on discrete and combinatorial objects.
They capture small-scale behavior in the context of the real number system.
This is another reformulation of the calculus in terms of infinitesimals.
Advances include communications psychology and media psychology, an emerging field of study.
The strengths of this model are simplicity, generality, and quantifiability.
These dimensions are known as physical, informational, and cognitive.
Two historians flourished during Greece's classical age: Herodotus and Thucydides.
European drama was invented in ancient Greece.
These have had a profound influence on Western society.
There exist only limited possible states of energy for electrons, atoms and molecules.
The chemical industry represents an important economic activity worldwide.
And because it "donates" electrons it is also called an electron donor.
The inclusions are small particles of insoluble substances suspended in the cytosol.
The physical properties of the cytoplasm have been contested in recent years.
This crowding effect alters how the components of the cytosol interact with each other.
In Aquinas' view angels and humans were created for salvation from the very beginning.
Compare the usage "the Christ".
Well, it is one of the great unspoiled cities in Central Europe.
There were self-governments of towns, counties and parliaments.
Other foods widely associated with Central Europe are goulash and beer.
Canada's mineral resources are diverse and extensive.
These hills are known for a great richness in precious minerals.
The fisheries industry has historically been one of Canada's strongest.
The most common response was "Canadian".
Statistics Canada identifies visible minorities in accordance with the "Employment Equity Act".
Canada is a constitutional monarchy, in which the Monarch is head of state.
For the initial disbursement, approximations were made based on previous elections.
Justices of the Supreme Court of Canada are appointed by the Governor-in-Council.
The remainder consists mainly of credit card debt and auto loans.
Also, Ontario has relatively fewer native sources of power.
Despite many decades as a leading producer, there is little risk of depletion.
Most Canadian cities have public transport, if only a bus system.
Hence roads are the dominant means of passenger and freight transport in Canada.
They had no wheeled vehicles, and no animals larger than dogs.
Canada was a close ally of the United States during the Cold War.
There was a naval dimension as well, involving privateers attacking enemy merchant ships.
Diplomats saw it as a clear warning to Germany not to attack Canada.
Lutheranism spread into northern, central and eastern parts of present-day Germany, Livonia and Scandinavia.
They also excelled in philosophy, science, theology and medicine.
There is a diversity of doctrines and practices among groups calling themselves Christian.
Abaci, of a more modern design, are still used as calculation tools today.
The industry also includes software services, such as training, documentation, and consulting.
Frequently development tools such as compilers, linkers, and debuggers are classified as system software.
The industry that deals in casinos is called the gaming industry.
Security cameras located throughout the casino are the most basic measure.
This advantage is called the "house edge".
Modern usage may carry the connotation of mild intensity.
The possessor is placed after that which is possessed.
Adjectives, demonstratives and numerals follow the noun they modify.
Another strategy of achieving performance is to execute multiple threads or processes in parallel.
The first such improvement came with the advent of the transistor.
The instructions to be executed are kept in some kind of computer memory.
Feliformia claws are often retractile, or rarely, semiretractile.
They are excellent runners: some are long-distance runners, but more commonly are sprinters.
The hyenas are also closely related to this clade.
The music of the Amazon region is strongly influenced by the indigenous religious practices.
Indigenous allies were crucial to conquest, as well as to creating and maintaining empire.
His metaphysical interpretations about the film reflected humankind's place in the universe.
Schaefer stood by Welles and opposed the board of governors.
Welles's new business manager and attorney permitted the contract to lapse.
Codes can be used for brevity.
Huffman coding is the most known algorithm for deriving prefix codes.
Error detecting codes can be optimised to detect "burst errors", or "random errors".
Like all other lemurs, cheirogaleids live exclusively on the island of Madagascar.
The females usually have three pairs of nipples.
They spend the day in tree hollows or leaf nests.
Callitrichids typically live in small, territorial groups of about five or six animals.
Ancestral stem-callitrichids likely were "normal-sized" ceboids that were dwarfed through evolutionary time.
Their social organization is unique among primates and is called a "cooperative polyandrous group".
These species are found throughout tropical and subtropical South and Central America.
Cebid monkeys are arboreal animals that only rarely travel on the ground.
Within the infraphylum Gnathostomata, cartilaginous fishes are distinct from all other jawed vertebrates.
Kelp is a fast-growing seaweed that grows up to a metre a day.
Some landlocked places have achieved port status by building canals.
Discordant coastlines feature distinctive landforms because the rocks are eroded by ocean waves.
Benzodiazepines are the first line of treatment, and high doses are often required.
An alternative, less common term is "encipherment".
These simple ciphers and examples are easy to crack, even without plaintext-ciphertext pairs.
A key must be selected before using a cipher to encrypt a message.
The sixth generation of the country continued the crossover between country and pop music.
James Kilbane like many other Irish artists are today working closer with Nashville.
Communist parties had already come to power in Romania, Bulgaria, Albania, and Yugoslavia.
Truman ordered the development of a hydrogen bomb.
The split created two separate communist forces in Europe.
Government backing let Fannie and Freddie dominate mortgage underwriting.
These people form hubs in the network.
In spite of this, some competitors may succeed when the legal barriers are light.
Uncodified constitutions are the product of an "evolution" of laws and conventions over centuries.
Legal transplants of Roman-Byzantine law became the basis of the Serbian medieval law.
Uncodified constitutions largely lack protection against amendment by the government of the time.
The defining characteristic of "common law" is that it arises as precedent.
The term "common law" has many connotations.
There are many exceptions in both directions.
The diversity of domesticated dogs is an example of the power of artificial selection.
Kale was bred by selecting for large leaves.
Wild wolves, which did not undergo artificial selection, are relatively uniform in comparison.
Today, the genre is well established and incredibly diverse.
First, it is the music of the people that identify themselves as Celts.
Galician music is claimed to be "Celtic".
Adoption of many constellations has significantly changed throughout the centuries.
After tens to hundreds of thousands of years, their familiar outlines gradually become unrecognisable.
In the southern False Cross asterism includes portions of the constellations Carina and Vela.
Pen-based plotters were an alternate printing technology once common in engineering and architectural firms.
The printhead sprays the ink on a rotating, oil coated drum.
Inkjet systems rapidly displaced dot matrix and daisy wheel printers from the market.
They can be oral or even implied by the behavior of the parties.
Copyright is a form of intellectual property, applicable to certain forms of creative work.
However, this division is mostly theoretical.
This reduction pattern, inherited from Proto-Romance, is also found in Italian and Portuguese.
This view, based on political and ideological considerations, has no linguistic validity.
It is the only mission to have carried out an abort after launching.
The mission insignia was designed by Houston artist Skip Bradley.
This unique pointing instrument was designed with an accuracy of one arcsecond.
The Classical period falls between the Baroque and the Romantic periods.
Bach, the means to discipline and enrich his artistic gifts.
Mozart wanted to achieve both.
"Character set", "character map", "codeset" and "code page" are related, but not identical, terms.
It is almost never used for this purpose today.
Formatting codes are distinct, in General Category "Cf".
However, there were, and remain, a large variety of standard sequences to choose from.
Therefore, the amount of carbon on Earth is effectively constant.
Among these are the simple oxides of carbon.
The three relatively well-known allotropes of carbon are amorphous carbon, graphite, and diamond.
A semiconductor memory chip may contain millions of tiny transistors or capacitors.
The information is read optically and written by combining magnetic and optical methods.
Non-volatile memory retains the stored information even if not constantly supplied with electric power.
Note that activities and equilibrium constants are dimensionless numbers.
Equilibria, like the rest of thermodynamics, are statistical phenomena, averages of microscopic behavior.
In general, the calculations are rather complicated or complex.
As with binomial coefficients, there are several relationships between these multichoose expressions.
Binomial coefficients can be computed explicitly in various ways.
Each such permutation gives a "k"-combination by selecting its first "k" elements.
Moving data, especially large amounts of it, can be costly.
The first electronic computing devices were instead rewired in order to "reprogram" them.
Data movement is typically from one place in memory to another.
Many applications use a mix of several languages in their construction and use.
It affects the aspects of quality above, including portability, usability and most importantly maintainability.
One approach popular for requirements analysis is Use Case analysis.
Chaucer translated the work in his "Boece".
He believed in the correspondence between faith and reason.
Citations from it occur frequently in Dante's "Divina Commedia".
It features a mostly new cast, headed by Donnie Yen.
That's never happened before in my life.
The form in which this acclamation was offered was Frankish-Christian rather than Roman.
The Germanic Saxons were divided into four subgroups in four regions.
The goal of this rule was to make sermons comprehensible to the common people.
There are several ways to specify which character encoding is used in the document.
Finally, browsers usually permit the user to override "incorrect" charset label manually as well.
This nanotube was grown inside a multi-walled carbon nanotube.
Karl Kautsky influenced the history of Marxism.
Almost every decree explicitly stated that the sanctions did not apply to antifascists.
Much of Slovakia and all of Carpathian Ruthenia were annexed by Hungary.
The new country was a multi-ethnic state.
However, computer science education is growing.
Information theory is related to the quantification of information.
The term "computics" has also been suggested.
Many religious groups teach that God created the Cosmos.
Therefore, these can neither be confirmed nor disproved by scientists.
Neo-creationism sees ostensibly objective mainstream science as a dogmatically atheistic religion.
Government buildings and humanitarian aid offices in Abeche were said to have been looted.
The rebels accuse Deby of corruption and embezzling millions in oil revenue.
These highland areas are part of the East Saharan montane xeric woodlands ecoregion.
The smaller, southern part of the basin falls almost exclusively in Chad.
Permanent streams do not exist in northern or central Chad.
Christianity arrived in Chad much more recently with the arrival of Europeans.
Anthropologists view ethnicity as being more than genetics.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and parliament.
It was finally developed and is now operated by Exxon Mobil Corporation.
Some journalists and publishers practice self-censorship.
Journalists are harassed and attacked.
The only television station, Tele Tchad, is state-owned.
This route is now little used.
Another major airport, developed as a military staging area, is located at Sarh.
Cameroon and Chad are developing excellent relations.
However, colloidal suspensions of higher-volume fraction form colloidal gels with viscoelastic properties.
Examples of such substances are xanthan and guar gum.
The colloid particles are attracted toward water.
The person rode alongside the driver.
Preparing food with heat or fire is an activity unique to humans.
Ascorbate, which is added to cured meat, however, reduces nitrosamine formation.
Cooking increases the digestibility of many foods which are inedible or poisonous when raw.
Solitaire games are designed to be played by one player.
Normally players score points after
